a mother who set up a website for her murdered daughter ended up being stalked by an internet crank who travelled half way around the world to declare his love , a court heard . karen downes , 48 , started the site in memory of her 14 year old daughter charlene , who vanished ten years ago after being groomed by a child sex gang . but the court heard it led to her striking up a friendship with new zealander mark bailey . horror : karen downes , left , the mother of murdered teenager charlene , right , has been stalked by a man who was obsessed with her he then became so besotted that he saved up enough cash to travel to britain , before demanding that mrs downes leave her husband and family to be with me and nobody else . when she refused , he attacked her and pulled her hair during a confrontation earlier this month . bailey , 27 , was given a six month restraining order and fined £75 , plus a £20 victims surcharge , at blackpool magistrates court . last night , mrs downes spoke of how the incident had left her terrified . he wanted to see me but got me trapped in an alleyway , she said . i became frightened and started to scream . he could have had a knife or anything and he was threatening me he had shown an interest in my website – the charlene case – and it snowballed from there . when he told me he was coming over here i thought it would not happen . i was surprised when he arrived but he wanted me to leave my family and control me , but that was never going to happen . mrs downes s daughter disappeared in blackpool in november 2003 . police believe her body was put in a mincing machine and made into kebabs and burgers sold from a takeaway in the town . case : charlene 's disappearance was linked to this kebab shop in blackpool , whose owners were put on trial for her murder although the case against them collapsed although two business partners were later tried for her murder , they were acquitted and no one has ever been held responsible . after setting up the site dedicated to her daughter and the investigation , mrs downes chatted to bailey online for 12 months , neil cheesbrough , prosecuting , told the court . the new zealander then arrived at the seaside resort seven months ago . he claimed he and mrs downes were lovers , but she denied they were having a sexual relationship . the court was told that mrs downes ended their affair earlier this month and police warned bailey not to harass her . but two days later , the pair met in cookson street in the town . when they started arguing , he grabbed her hair , which was tied in a bun . gary mcanulty , defending , said his client believed he was in a genuine relationship with mrs downes and had moved from new zealand to allow it to flourish . the lawyer added : it was slightly bizarre because mrs downes is married and lives with her husband . after being warned by police he arranged to meet her to discuss matters and said he loved her . i have had to explain to him she wants nothing more to do with him . it is a sad end . police believe charlene fell victim to child sex gangs , centred on takeaway restaurants in blackpool , at the age of 12 . they claim she was sexually abused by as many as 100 men in the run up to her death . in 2007 , iyad albattikhi and mohammed reveshi were tried for murdering charlene but a jury failed to reach a verdict and a retrial collapsed . they later received six figure compensation sums for false imprisonment .:==:karen downes is the mother of charlene downes , who disappeared in 2003 . mark bailey started talking to her online about her daughter 's case then decided to move from new zealand to blackpool to meet her . but after she refused to leave her family for him he attacked her in street .

the whole world watched thursday as a lighter than air craft set loose by a 6 year old boy floated above eastern colorado . several media outlets offered to help track the balloon with their helicopters , a sheriff 's spokeswoman says . web sites as diverse as al jazeera and australia 's sydney morning herald carried news of the wayward aircraft with reports that authorities feared the boy , falcon heene , was inside . the web sites for the sun , britain 's largest newspaper , as well as the bbc , posted by the minute updates on the aerial odyssey , as did many international sites . the story was a bonanza for social networking sites . facebook , in a little more than an hour , had three fan pages and three groups dedicated to balloon boy . members were piling on as the story developed . after the balloon landed near colorado springs , law enforcement authorities found it empty , according to cnn affiliate kmgh , which cited a police report . but while the aircraft was airborne , it was the saucer seen round the world . watch unbelievable footage of homemade flying saucer michael karns , director of marketing at zazzle , an online customized products platform tied to trends and ideas , said the balloon excursion sparked the creation of 6,000 products , shirts , bags , shoes , doggie attire , etc . tied to the news event . what is interesting about this story is that it played out over a significant period of time , karns said . expressions changed from go , falcon , go when the boy was believed afloat to i believe when he was reported missing and once it came clear the kid , falcon , was hiding in the attic , the products changed to sort of making fun of the whole thing . karns said the redwood city , california , company received about 200 orders of shirts related to the event by 8 pm et thursday . karns predicted the balloon boy may become a hot halloween costume as well . the attention it garnered also gave some indications of how a real life flying saucer , an unidentified flying object , may be documented in a high tech world . watch report on shifting attitudes towards balloon boy saga twitter was inundated with news about falcon , with the updates occupying seven of the 10 trending topics on the site from 3:30 pm to nearly 5 pm et while most of the tweets were repeating national headlines about the balloon , some people expressed their opinions along the way . mleswan tweeted , oh sweet irony . the kid 's name is falcon ? oh that is classic . tmilewski tweeted , i call both horrible parenting and horrible craftsmanship on this one on reddit , a social networking site known for its hilarious discussion threads about news events , the topic elicited fun and fast dialog . neoncow said : i do not care what they say . a father who builds a flying saucer hot air balloon with his son is a good father . lyrus said : what did beyonce say to the parents of the 6 year old kid that flew away in a balloon ? if you liked it then you should have put a string on it mossyskeleton : i wonder if his dad is going to ground him when he gets back . falcon 's parents , identified as science enthusiasts and storm chasers richard and mayumi heene , were featured earlier this year on abc 's prime time program wife swap , abc said . the heene family was involved in scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm , the network 's web site said . richard heene , who has posted at least one ireport , calls himself a general contractor , published scientist and inventor . the aircraft , which appeared to be a mylar coated helium balloon , had been tethered to the heene home in fort collins , colorado , the larimer county sheriff 's office said . falcon evidently untied the rope anchoring the balloon , and it was feared that he had fallen from the craft . authorities say that after ground and air searches , he was found hiding in a box in the attic of his family 's home thursday .:==:facebook had fan pages , groups dedicated to balloon boy . international web sites tune in as family 's wayward aircraft captivates the world . t shirt campaign quickly adapts to the changing news event . parents id would as science enthusiasts , storm chasers richard and mayumi heene .

sales pitch : michael mcindoe as a wolves player in 2007 . it is claimed he approached potential investors on behalf of the scheme dozens of top premiership footballers are said to have lost millions of pounds after the collapse of an investment scheme associated with a former star . millionaire players , including several household names , are said to have handed over cash after being promised a return of 20 per cent a month on their capital . however , the scheme collapsed late last year and the players are now anxiously awaiting news of their money . one international star invested £1 million in the scheme , according to a source . it is claimed that former wolverhampton wanderers and coventry city star michael mcindoe approached potential investors on behalf of the scheme , but there is no suggestion of any wrongdoing on his part . mr mcindoe previously dated glamour model helena fletcher , who appeared as a contestant on bbc gameshow total wipeout in 2009.com panies house records show mr mcindoe , 32 , became director of a number of businesses last year , including one business aimed at footballers which promised exclusive access to nightclubs and private jets . a source revealed that mr mcindoe began approaching stars in the midlands at the start of last year , claiming it was a guaranteed return investment scheme . in april , an invitation only party was held at a country house hotel in warwickshire featuring a performance by x factor winner alexandra burke . there is no suggestion she had any involvement in the scheme . as part of the scheme , syndicates were set up in different areas of the country , including the north west and london . on the first day of each month , one nominated member of each syndicate would travel to a hotel in london s west end to collect the payouts . but in november the payments dried up and mr mcindoe has not been seen since . a source said : the scheme was sold to people as a guaranteed return investment scheme . i personally know 20 players who have put money in you got 20 per cent back each month and could withdraw your initial investment at any time . so if you invested £100,000 , you got £20,000 back a month and you could get your £100,000 out . game on : mcindoe 's ex girlfriend helena fletcher appeared as a contestant on total wipeout in 2009 players did not ask questions as most knew another who had invested and was getting regular returns . the investors received regular monthly payments up until november but since then they have not been paid . now , players are falling out with each other . they re blaming each other for giving them bad advice . the source added that mr mcindoe had recently contacted all of those demanding their money back and promised to repay the cash . there are now fears the investments were made in a ponzi style scheme , similar to the one run by us fraudster bernie madoff . in a ponzi scheme , money from new investors is simply redistributed to existing members , rather than being invested to generate returns . that means such schemes eventually collapse . a football agent , who represents a number of premiership players , said : some got into the scheme early and did very well and got their money back and the interest . there s a player with £1 million in that scheme , a player with £500,000 , a player with £300,000 , and there s some with £5,000 and £10,000 . it s nothing more than greed . i ve heard this guy has got to walk around with protection . people have been to scotland to find his family . the players can t go to the police . what player is going to stand up in court and say , “excuse me , your honour , i ve just lost £50,000 of my savings”? they re going to look like idiots and the club could ask them what they re doing . a financial expert who advises footballers said : we have known about it for a while and have kept our clients well away from it born in the tough sighthill district of edinburgh , mr mcindoe spoke openly as a young player about his battle to overcome drink and gambling problems . nevertheless , he went on to enjoy a successful career , scoring 80 league and cup goals for ten clubs . sources say mr mcindoe was a charismatic and popular figure among other players . he left coventry last summer and retired to concentrate on his business career . fans reported seeing him driving his bentley around leamington spa , warwickshire , where he and a girlfriend shared an upmarket flat in a large townhouse . however , other residents told the mail on sunday mr mcindoe appeared to have left the property last year in a hurry . yesterday , mr mcindoe s mother and brother declined to comment . mr mcindoe did not respond to messages left on his mobile .:==:former wolverhampton wanderers player michael mcindoe approached potential investors on behalf of the scheme . millionaire players promised 20 a month return on their capital .

to the casual observer , the chinese communist party may seem like a monolithic , united entity . in recent years , its leadership has ruled collectively , rather than by the hand of a paramount leader , which was a characteristic of the mao zedong and deng xiaoping eras . but while the party outwardly stresses harmony and unity , political analysts believe its estimated 80 million strong members are divided along deep rooted factional lines with varying perspectives on social , economic , political , military and foreign affairs . cnn looks at what makes the chinese party machine tick . who are the key factional powers within the party ? the chinese communist party is broadly divided between informal elitist and populist coalitions , according to china expert and brookings institution analyst cheng li other analysts conceive of the split in different terms , such as between liberal minded reformist and conservative hard liner camps . li argues the core elitist faction is the taizidang , or so called princelings the offspring of former revolutionary leaders and high ranking officials . another elite , albeit fading , faction is the so called shanghai gang , or followers of jiang zemin , who served as mayor of shanghai before becoming china 's supreme leader in 1989 . the populists are dominated by the tuanpai politicians who cut their teeth in the chinese communist youth league , the party 's nation wide organization for youth aged 14 to 28 to study and promote communism . the league is also a training ground for party cadres . but any analysis of these factional allegiances must be treated with caution as an educated but speculative discussion at best given the lack of official information and the complexities influencing politicians backgrounds . factional lines are often unclear , shifting or overlapping , conditioned by old alliances , family interconnections , conflicts , rivalries , shifting loyalties and pragmatic tactical considerations , according to cnn 's beijing bureau chief , jaime florcruz . in some cases , these affiliations are also conditioned by the members work patron protégé experience , i e with or under whom they worked and rose to power . how are these factions oriented ? broadly speaking , the factions run along socioeconomic and geographic divides . the elitist coalition tends to represent business interests , including entrepreneurs and the rising middle class of china 's affluent coastal regions , according to li the princelings typically have prestigious backgrounds as the descendents of former party heroes , tending to have credentials governing affluent provinces along china 's eastern coast . for example bo xilai , the disgraced politician once tipped for political stardom in china , is the son of bo yibo , a former politburo member who last served as vice chairman of the central advisory commission during the deng era . some politicians have sought to round out their resumes with credentials across geographic and socioeconomic lines . bo famously adopted a populist approach invoking mao nostalgia during his tenure as party secretary of chongqing , while xi jinping widely expected to become china 's next president left a prestigious post in beijing to work in rural hebei for three years . li says the elitists are currently headed by wu bangguo , chairman and party secretary of the national people 's congress the national legislature and jia qinglin , chairman and party secretary of the chinese people 's political consultative conference the advisory body of delegates from different political parties and parts of greater china . both are protégés of former president , jiang . as the name implies , the populist coalition tends to promote an agenda representing the concerns of the urban and rural poor , including migrants and farmers . the tuanpai core faction typically comes from humble backgrounds and worked their way up the ranks via the chinese communist youth league in beijing and inland provinces . li says the populists are currently led by president hu jintao and premier wen jiabao , who have accordingly promoted policies such as eliminating agricultural taxes , developing inland cities and promoting affordable housing . a further contrast , li says , is that princelings tend to have a great depth of experience in economic policy , including banking and foreign trade and investment , whereas the tuanpai tend to be more skilled in rural administration . hu 's heir apparent , xi , is a princeling , whereas wen 's likely successor , li keqiang , represents the tuanpai . what is the politburo standing committee ? the 18 th congress of the communist party will officially unveil the new members of the politburo standing committee , the innermost sanctum and supreme decision making body of the communist party — and by extension the leaders of china 's government . party members typically occupy its highest positions . members are typically drawn from those already on the standing committee , as well as the broader politburo overseeing the communist party . the standing committee is a subset of the politburo . it is also possible that a non politburo member could be promoted directly into the standing committee , as in the case of xi and li keqiang during the 17 th party congress . members must also fall within the unofficial retirement age of 68 i e born from 1945 onward , says li beyond these basic criteria follows what li calls an extraordinarily complicated and multi faceted deal making process to narrow the pool to nine members . speculation is rife that the upcoming committee will be cut to seven members . while the closed door process involves complex factional negotiations and power struggles that few in the outside world are privy to , li says the overriding factor is patron client ties , meaning departing members attempting to prolong their influence and protect their interests by placing their protégés onto the committee . this involves compromise and deal making behind the scenes . how will these factions be represented in future ? china watchers widely expect that two of the current standing committee members , xi and li keqiang , will retain their membership . their factional inclinations are reflected in their policy priorities , says li of the brookings institution . xi is focused on the private sector , market liberation in foreign investment , and shanghai 's role as a financial and shipping center . in contrast , li keqiang emphasizes affordable housing , basic health care and clean energy . this equilibrium extends within the upper echelons of the leadership , which is about evenly split between the elitists and populists , according to li most analysts concur that the era of charismatic , paramount leaders ended after deng xiaoping , replaced by relatively colorless technocrats who governed through collective leadership . what does this mean for china 's future ? out of necessity , this balance has led the elitist and populist coalitions to adopt a collaborative approach of collective leadership rather than a zero sum game mentality , underpinned by shared fundamental goals : to ensure china 's socioeconomic stability as well as the survival of chinese communist party role at home , and to enhance china 's status as a major international player , li said . the analyst says this collective leadership style is the defining feature of today 's chinese elite politics .:==:chinese communist party not monolithic , united entity . analysts say party broadly divided between informal elitist and populist coalitions . upper echelons of chinese leadership about evenly split between the elitists and populists . party adopts collaborative approach of collective leadership rather than zero sum game mentality .

for more than 100 years , butchers in the market town of sudbury have proudly displayed their meats in their shop windows . but now one has been forced to stop hanging game such as pheasants , partridges and rabbits in his shopfront after a vicious campaign , blamed on townies who have recently moved in staff at jbs family butchers , which has sawdust on the floor and takes great pride in its link to local suppliers and the countryside way of life , spent hours every week perfecting their window displays featuring meat and game . jbs family butchers in suffolk buckled to pressure and removed its traditional window display , after shoppers mounted a campaign saying they were offended by the sight of bits of dead animals those behind the hate campaign mounted against jbs family butchers of sudbury said they were trying to protect their children from the ugliness of mutilated carcasses unplucked birds and the occasional pig or deer head were hung up in its shopfront in a small precinct in the suffolk town . but it has reluctantly had to remove the display after it became the target of a campaign including anonymous hate mail and people hurling abuse in the shop . others wrote to the local papers and posted remarks on facebook calling for a boycott of the shop and its neighbours . assistant manager richard nicholson , 25 , said staff had been stunned . traditional : the display at another butcher 's in the suffolk town of sudbury in 1955 we really put a lot of effort into the window display to make it look special and attract customers , he said . it is tough trading against the big supermarkets so we are up against it already without this happening richard nicholson , jbs family butchers assistant manager there have been pheasants , partridge , rabbits and even half a pig . we live in a market town in the countryside , so i am surprised people feel this way . it is tough trading against the big supermarkets so we are up against it already without this happening . after the call to boycott neighbouring shops , the butcher s replaced its display with a small sign saying simply : due to complaints , there is no window display . jbs family butchers had reluctantly removed the display after it became the target of a campaign including anonymous hate mail and people hurling abuse in the shop mr nicholson said : we have had anonymous hate mail and people have come into the shop and said stuff . we feel we ve been persecuted for being proud of our trade and tradition . in a letter to a local paper ben mowles , 34 , said the needless display of multiple mutilated carcasses had stopped him taking his 12 year old daughter to the nearby sweet shop . their display looks more like a scene from a horror movie . they even had a line of squirrels across a bar . who eats squirrel ? keith lewis , petrol station worker we avoid the entire precinct as we d rather not look at bloody severed pigs heads when buying sweets , he wrote . i am asking for jbs to be more considerate with what they display in their window . daniel cudmore , 25 , wrote : as someone who breeds rabbits , i find the display of animals hanging in the window disgusting . it has continental giant rabbits , pigs heads and ducks . it must be u.s.tting for children who have animals . keith lewis , 35 , a petrol station worker who moved to sudbury three years ago , told the daily mail : their display looks more like a scene from a horror movie . they even had a line of squirrels across a bar . who eats squirrel ? but owner john sawyer and his right hand man richard nicholson have been so encouraged by the outpouring of support that they are determined to create a proper display in the shop window on saturday everyone knows animals are killed to get meat but you don t need it shoved in your face like this . so called rural suffolk will have large numbers of townies with weekend retreats . who may be importing their values into the community roger kelsey , national federation of meat and food traders chief executive mother of three kirsty trevatt , 34 , said : why can they not be like other butchers and put the meat that is skinned and prepared in the window ? i grew up around here and i think the display is completely uncalled for . there has been a butcher s on the site for more than 30 years . pictures of the area show butchers standing proudly next to displays of meat as early as the end of the 19 th century . roger kelsey , chief executive of the national federation of meat and food traders , blamed the complaints on townies moving to the area . he said : so called rural suffolk will have large numbers of townies with weekend retreats . who may be importing their values into the community . people wrote to the local papers and posted remarks on facebook calling for a boycott of the shop among those supporting the butcher was monique driscoll , 63 , who said : how is he supposed to sell anything if he cannot advertise his wares in the window ? he is a butcher in the heart of a farming community so people should know what to expect . the displays are always colourful and impressive . on facebook , paul felton wrote : if you want to live in country , put up with country habits . jessica bridges added : what do people expect , it s a butchers . at least they know where their meat is coming from . and james bird wrote : we are losing our grip on reality if we can t abide being reminded where our sausages originate from and i m a vegan .:==:jbs family butchers spent hours each week perfecting window displays . but it has been hit with anonymous hate mail and people hurling abuse . unplucked birds and pig or deer heads were hung up in the shopfront . assistant manager of butcher 's in suffolk says staff have been stunned .

world war i began a hundred years ago this summer , but for many of us it might as well be a thousand . we know it , if we know it at all , as a dimly remembered chapter in high school history , or as scenes from old black and white movies of soldiers hunkered in trenches doing battle with germans in pointy helmets . it was all too real for more than 65 million men from some 30 nations who were plunged into carnage the likes of which the world had never before seen . every one of those soldiers is dead , and the causes they fought for are lost on many of us yet this war to end all wars is not a remote event . in fact , world war i changed the world forever , and its effects are all around us to begin with , it rewrote history at the grandest level : empires fell , and new nations austria , hungary , yugoslavia and poland among them were born in the ashes . leaders of the still powerful french and british empires used the conflict to redraw borders in ways that set the stage for future conflicts that stretch on today , in the middle east , for example . but there is much more . the first mass conflict among industrialized nations , world war i upended the way war was fought . the weapons it introduced submarines , machine guns , poison gas , grenades , tanks are all still part of our arsenals . and it was world war i that made airpower and strategic bombing central to the success of any future war . trench warfare traumatized both soldiers and landscapes , and informed art and literature for years . it would reappear as a battlefield strategy in both the korean war and in the iran iraq war of the 1980 s . at home and on the battlefield , world war i put new objects and words into circulation : cooties are something no kid wants to get , but for gis in the trenches , they were real and they were lice and sanitary napkins developed from the handy alternative use nurses found for cellulose bandage material produced for the war . the war popularized kleenex and tea bags and zippers . in fact , every time you admire an aircraft carrier , eat a meatless sausage , sit under a sun lamp , wear a burberry trench coat , or set your clock ahead for daylight saving time , you are reaching back to commune with world war i the dawn of chemical weapons world war i 's new weapons caused previously u.s.en and horrific kinds of injuries , and scientists raced to develop protections against them or to make even more lethal versions to use against the enemy . poison gas was first used on a mass scale by the germans in april 1915 during the second battle of ypres , and cloths strapped over the mouth and nose were at first the only protection . gas masks evolved quickly , though , and by the end of the war even some horses and dogs at the front had their own . the horrors of gas attacks resonate today in the reports of chemical weapons use in syria , and , earlier , in saddam hussein 's iraq , and the world still struggles to contain them . all told , more than 9 million died in the conflict , and 21 million were wounded , psychologically scarring a generation . soldiers were at pains to explain this new human experience of battle to those back home . the english poet siegfried sassoon had this to say in 1917 about his time at the front : i am back from hell with loathsome thoughts to sell secrets of death to tell and horrors from the abyss . many others had no more words : these victims of war exhaustion , the label of she will shock became more common had trouble speaking : they are the forefathers of veterans with post traumatic stress disorder today . likewise the scale and type of physical injuries challenged the ingenuity of prosthesis designers , whose work to replace lost body parts would enable countless soldiers to return to productive civilian life , a process echoed today as soldiers from recent wars recover from the toll of roadside bombs . world war i also set the stage for future conflicts , by breaking down barriers between military and civilian life . while soldiers fought at the battlefront , civilian women and men built their weapons , distributed food and propaganda , and kept the home front running . women gained new visibility in society , moving into the jobs vacated by enlisted men . they drove streetcars , smelted iron , built bombs and then , after a long day at the factory , scrounged for food for their families . civilians working for the war effort meant that anyone could be a target : german fokker planes attacked at the front , but zeppelin airships bombed london and paris . total war made the home front a dangerous place . this war left few things unchanged in its path , even in lands that saw no fighting . although it was mainly fought in europe , it awakened many to the scope and diversity of the planet . the entire world is participating in the war a french almanac exclaimed in 1917 , showing its readers a map of the world divided into enemy , ally , and neutral peoples . whether as laborers or soldiers , europeans went to other countries , and millions of americans , africans and asians came to europe . trapped in a net of woe more than two million united states soldiers fought in europe , and the british and french empires brought over their colonial subjects . we perish in the desert you wash yourself and lie in bed , wrote an indian soldier to his wife in september 1915 . we are trapped in a net of woe while you go free . our life is a living death . how did europe arrive at this state of catastrophe ? the assassination of austrian hungarian archduke franz ferdinand and his wife , sophie , on june 28 , 1914 by the bosnian serb gavrilo princip caused an international crisis that led in just over a month to multiple mobilizations . the archduke , traveling in an open car , was in sarajevo to inspect imperial armed forces in bosnia and herzegovina , which were among the former ottoman territories annexed by austria hungary in 1908 , angering serbian nationalists such as princip . after the assassination , austria hungary gave serbia an ultimatum , causing russia to intervene to protect its serbian client state , and germany to help its austrian ally . and so it all began : the military obligations imposed by the system of alliances drew one power after another into combat . all parties thought the war would be a short one none imagined the speed with which the conflict would degenerate into a series of local atrocities the belgians became the conflict 's first group of refugees , as they fled german rape and plunder and mass slaughter across many fronts . the habituation to violence and the acceptance of these lethal new inventions is one of world war i 's most unfortunate legacies . chemical weapons provides a case in point . their effectiveness , as proved by the precedent of world war i , has given them a permanent place in many state arsenals , despite the paper trail of international agreements meant to ban their use . democracies and dictatorships france and italy both used them in the interwar period as agents of colonial conquest and rule , and syria is the most recent example of their use . as we approach this 100 year anniversary , each combatant country is remembering the war in its own way . in america , the echo has been fainter , due as much to the country 's late entry into the war april 1917 as to the prominence of world war ii the first world war is not well understood or remembered in the united states , u.s. defense secretary robert gates said at a 2008 veterans day ceremony at which the last living american combatant , frank buckles , who died in 2011 , was present . yet few events have so markedly shaped the world we live in at war 's end in 1918 , america emerged from its 18 months of combat with a raft of new legislation that is still in force such as the selective service act , which still today allows the president to draft soldiers , and the espionage act , used recently to charge chelsea manning and edward snowden and with a new status as an international power . a century of debates over how and whether america should intervene in global crises would lie ahead .:==:ruth ben ghiat : 100 years ago this summer , world war i began . its legacies still resonate . she says its carnage was unprecedented it changed military , sparked innovations . she says empires fell , borders shifted , new words emerged , and women 's roles changed . ben ghiat : begun after an assassination , it would draw in 30 nations , upending the world .

this is the shocking moment a motorcyclist was thrown head over heels by a hit and run motorist but miraculously walked away virtually unharmed . andrius cesna , 33 , had stopped at a roundabout on his yahama bike when careless richard themistocleou , 35 , slammed straight into the back of him . he was catapulted into the air and bounced off the bonnet of themistocleou 's company vauxhall astra before hitting the road and skidding across the tarmac . mr cesna , 33 , pictured idling at a roundabout as the car driven by richard thermistocleou approaches as the car hits mr cesna from behind , he is catapulted backwards up the bonnet of the vehicle mr cesna flips backwards as he is struck although he was not hurt , his yamaha motorbike was written off after he is struck , mr cesna is sent skidding along the tarmac while themistocleou hastily drives away mr cesna quickly got to his feet clutching his back , with the whole accident filmed on a motorist 's dashcam but instead of stopping to help the stricken motorcyclist , the callous motorist took a quick glance out of his window and sped off . miraculously , married andrius walked away virtually unhurt although his £5,000 bike was written off . the horrific crash on the b6265 at riddlesden , west yorkshire was captured on the dashboard camera of another motorist . when arrested , themistocleou , a service engineer for adt security , claimed he had no memory of the smash and then reported his car as stolen . after the accident , mr cesna , 33 , promised his wife he would never get on a motorbike again mr cesna , an hgv driver from keighley , west yorkshire , said : he just hit me and drove off . i think i hit the car first then i hit the motorbike and then the road . i remember everything about it , it was a very scary moment . i thought he was going to kill me i was just thinking i am going to die . it was very quick . i got up as quick as i could because i did not feel anything at that moment and wanted to get out of the road . i sat down and i was panicking and i was in shock . it was terrifying . themistocleous , of riddlesden , keighley , west yorkshire , was charged with driving without due care and attention , failing to stop and failing to report an accident . district judge susan bouch , sitting at bradford and keighley magistrates court , sentenced him to ten weeks imprisonment suspended for 12 months , with 150 hours unpaid community work , and gave him ten penalty points . after the accident mr cesna promised his wife simona , 32 , he would never get on a bike again . she never wanted me to drive a motorbike in the first place , he said . the bike was totally written off .:==:andrius cesna , was stopped at a roundabout when car was driven into him . he was catapulted into the air and bounced off the bonnet of the vehicle . motorist then glanced out his window before speeding off without stopping . terrified , panicking and in shock , mr cesna thought : i m going to die .

younes tsouli , 31 , was jailed for 16 years in 2007 for distributing bomb making instructions and has used human rights act to appeal against deportation a jailed terrorist who wrote a letter from a british prison proclaiming jihadis as heroes is trying to avoid deportation from the uk on human rights grounds . internet jihadi younes tsouli , 31 – who was once described as al qaeda s most influential cyber terrorist – was jailed for 16 years in 2007 for distributing bomb making instructions as well as beheading videos on the internet . tsouli , who called himself terrorist007 , was posting the material for al qaeda in iraq . his prison term came to an end last november , but he was re arrested and detained ahead of his release as prison officials found a copy of an al qaeda magazine in his cell . a hearing at the old bailey last week cleared tsouli of unlawfully possessing the material , and he was due to be deported immediately back to his native morocco . but he has appealed against his deportation on human rights grounds , applying for asylum to the uk under article 2 of the human rights act , which states no one should be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment . it is believed that tsouli had been active in the global cyber jihadi scene since he moved to the uk to study it at a london college in 2001 . the cyber terrorist used to hack into respectable websites and use them as hosts for videos including the beheading of british hostage ken bigley and americans daniel pearl and nick berg . tsouli set up a website called youbombit which he described as a platform just like youtube to post videos of bombings of coalition forces in iraq and afghanistan . he has set up another called deadzionists , and was in the process of setting up a third called islamic terrorism , when police raided his basement flat in shepherd s bush in 2005 . his websites and forums were being used by jihadis across the world to communicate . in july last year , the prison authorities intercepted a letter tsouli had written to his father in arabic , where he urged his family to join the jihad in syria . in it he wrote : this is a letter of advice to those members of my family who will learn their lesson and i hope that they are among those whom allah has opened their hearts to what is good . uncovered : prison officials at long lartin prison in worcestershire found the magazine inside tsouli 's cell he quoted a saying of the prophet mohammed , which said : allah gives rewards to those who go out for jihad out of conviction and belief in allah and his prophets . to those allah will grant either victory or paradise . he also mentioned a recent religious ruling which was a call to arms in syria , adding : prepare for the war since its flames are rising . the letter was read out during last week s hearing , where tsouli was accused of possessing a copy of inspire in his cell in september last year , two months after the letter was intercepted . the court heard the forensic tests done on the magazine had revealed that it passed around the prison , as fingerprints belonging to a number of terrorist inmates – including abdullah ahmed ali , the leader of the gang that tried to blow up airliners over the atlantic – were found on it however , tsouli was cleared as he argued the magazine formed part of legal material . he is being kept in detention while the home office fights his bid to stay . tsouli was accused of possessing a copy of al qaeda magazine inspire in his cell in september last year jihadi john killed four us and uk hostages on camera under isis regime a british jihadi who once hacked into the personal details of tony blair has tried to sell the identity of jihadi john to the mail on sunday for £3,000 . junaid hussain , 20 , was jailed for six months in 2012 after publishing the former prime minister s address and national insurance number on the internet . in a series of online conversations , he told the mos he would give us jihadi john s name and old twitter details , with which we would be able to uncover his identity . hussain , from birmingham , said he needed the money to buy a car to move his family around is stronghold raqqa in syria . he also claimed jihadi john , pictured , who killed four us and uk hostages on camera , was of arab origin , was born a muslim and has been in syria for ages . the mail on sunday refused to pay the money , and scotland yard has been informed .:==:younes tsouli , 31 , was jailed for 16 years for posting videos for al qaeda . he was rearrested last year after prison guards found al qaeda magazine . hearing at old bailey last week cleared him of unlawfully possessing it he was due to be deported back to his native morocco but appealed . applied for asylum under human rights act , which states no one should be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment .

west ham are set for a major boost with the news that wonderkid reece oxford is poised to commit his long term future to the club . oxford , who turned 16 last month , is viewed as one of england 's talents with all of the premier league 's elite looking to poach him from upton park . liverpool , manchester united and arsenal have all shown a major interest in the teenager in recent months , leading to genuine fears from within west ham that they could lose oxford . west ham have been boosted by the news reece oxford , their 16 year old wonderkid , is set to stay oxford in action during a match with espanyol during the 2014 pre season young defender oxford is set to sign a long term contract amid interest from leading premier league clubs the teenager has mainly been playing in under 21 fixtures for west ham but the young defender is close to agreeing a new contract with the hammers that will for the time being end any uncertainty over his future . talks over fresh terms have been ongoing for several weeks . discussions had originally stalled , but it is understood a breakthrough has now been made that will see oxford , who has captained england under 17 s , put pen to paper . oxford was an unused substitute in west ham 's capital one cup loss to sheffield united back in september 16 year old oxford has drawn comparisons with rio ferdinand , another west ham academy graduate oxford who was 15 at the time was an unused substitute in the capital one cup defeat against sheffield united in september a clear indication of how highly regarded he is by west ham staff . the central defender , who has been likened to former hammers academy graduate rio ferdinand , could have left for a nominal fee in the summer when his contract was due to expire . but the hammers are now confident that scenario has been avoided after positive talks .:==:reece oxford is to sign a long term contract with west ham . 16 year old defender is wanted by man united , liverpool and arsenal . oxford is viewed as one of english football 's outstanding young talents . he made the west ham squad for capital one cup tie with sheffield united . oxford has captained the england under 17 side .

it may be the busiest night of the year for fun lovers but duck dynasty 's phil robertson was safely tucked up in bed on new years eve at least according to his son willie . speaking for the first time since his father 's anti gay and racially offensive comments to gq magazine , willie , who is the business brains behind the $400 million duck dynasty empire , revealed that his controversial father prefers to give holiday season partying a miss . explaining that new year 's eve is not a big deal to his dad , willie said that he was in bed and his wife korie added that if he was watching anything it would be fox news . scroll down to watch . clean slate : willie robertson and his wife korie appeared on fox news on new years eve to see in 2014 and to put 2013 behind them speaking from colorado , where they are skiing , willie and his wife steered well clear of any further contentious issues which could because the recent furore over his father 's comments to flare up again . asked about his father 's suspension and subsequent reinstatment by a e for quoting biblical passages which compared homosexuality to bestiality , willie roberston said that a e and us are fine . we are just glad to be back at work and ready to break in a new year and start making fun shows we are ready to move on and we have all learned a lot . indeed , the robertson family and a e which is owned by disney and the heast corporation have created a merchandising empire worth hundreds of millions since the shows launch in 2012 . asked what 2014 held for the roberston 's , willie said that the family and their patriarch are looking forward to more of the same and will stick together . during their second exclusive interview with hosts elisabeth hasselbeck and bill hemmer following the ball drop at times square , willie and korie robertson were teased about their first kiss of 2014 . as the couple indulged the fox host , country star luke bryan photo bombed the shot and tried to lean in and give willie robertson a kiss . let me get a kiss bryan said , grabbing robertson s face , but failing to land a smooch . speaking further about the future of duck dynasty , korie said , we ve been so blessed in 2013 that you know , i think i just hope it continues . we re going to stick together as a family , and doing what we re doing , and giving god the glory . for his part , willie said , hopefully my employees will keep up with more duck calls while i m way . nobody has been putting together duck calls since i ve been gone . i have to get back and crack the whip . the son of phil robertson concluded by promising , i m going take better care of my beard this year than last year . more lotions and oils . i need to get back to the beard . new years kiss : willie and korie robertson leaned in for a quick kiss while they appeared on fox news while the vacationed in colorado on a skiing holiday interruption : country singer luke bryan photo bombed the shot , and leaned over korie robertson to give willie a near miss kiss the robertson clan are worth an estimated $15 million based of the back of the duck commander that phil launched back in the 1970 's just last week on the reinstatement of his father to a e 's duck dynasty , willie robertson took to twitter to attempt to explain away the family patriarch 's coarse views . wouldescribing his dad as ole phil , willie said that he may be a little crude but his heart is good . he is the real deal and in an exclusive statement to foxnews on friday , the family said they were excited to keep making a quality tv show for our dedicated fans , who have showed us wonderful support . we will continue to represent our faith and values in a positive way through duck dynasty and our many projects that we are currently working on the outpouring of support and prayers has encouraged and emboldened us greatly , the family added . the network said in a statement last week that they planned to reinstate phil on the reality show after discussions with the robertson family and consultations with numerous advocacy groups . robertson was put on indefinite hiatus two weeks ago by a e in response to the uproar following the gq magazine interview . but despite consulting advocacy groups , many spoke out against phil 's reinstatement the gay and lesbian alliance against discrimination issuing a statement yesterday to fox news saying it the network is just greedy to capitalize off the hit show . reinstated : phil robertson will not miss a day of filming after his brief hiatus was reversed by a e phil robertson should look african american and gay people in the eyes and hear about the hurtful impact of praising jim crow laws and comparing gay people to terrorists . if dialogue with phil is not part of next steps then a e has chosen profits over african american and gay people – especially its employees and viewers , the said . the fourth season is set to premiere this january , and was largely completed before phil made the statements , meaning he did not miss a single episode of filming during the ban . the removal of the 67 year old patriarch from the show was lauded by gay rights organizations , but fans of the show denounced it as a violation of robertson 's right to free speech . conservative supporters include sarah palin , who wrote in a facebook post : free speech is an endangered species . those intolerants hatin and taking on the duck dynasty patriarch for voicing his personal opinion are taking on all of us stardom : two of the unlikely reality tv stars of duck dynasty , brothers silas uncle si robertson and phil robertson a e initially took action after robertson 's comments caused uproar , saying his views were disappointing and that a e has always been strong supporters and champions of the lgbt community . now , the network says the family has made it clear that they are sorry if they caused any offense with the patriarch 's remarks . while phil s comments made in the interview reflect his personal views based on his own beliefs , and his own personal journey , he and his family have publicly stated they regret the “coarse language” he used and the mis interpretation of his core beliefs based only on the article . he also made it clear he would never incite or encourage hate . we at a e networks expressed our disappointment with his statements in the article , and reiterate that they are not views we hold , read the statement . the homophobic comments from the born again christian included such insights as , it seems like , to me , a vagina as a man would be more desirable than a man s anus . that s just me i m just thinking : there s more there she s got more to offer . i mean , come on , dudes you know what i m saying ? but hey , sin : it s not logical , my man . it s just not logical . strong marriage : miss kay and phil robertson have been married for 47 years and began dating when she was 14 and he was 18 they married when he was 20 phil robertson , the patriarch of the duck dynasty tv series , center , leaves the white 's ferry road church of christ in west monroe , la on sunday , dec . 22 , 2013 . robertson was suspended in early december for homophobic comments he also grouped homosexuals in with terrorists , saying , we never , ever judge someone on who s going to heaven , hell . that s the almighty s job . we just love them , give them the good news about jesus whether they re homosexuals , drunks , terrorists . we let god sort them out later , you see what i m saying ? glaad hit back soon after the interview was released online , calling him a stain on the network a e which airs the show . glaad spokesperson wilson cruz told e news : phil and his family claim to be christian , but phil 's lies about an entire community fly in the face of what true christians believe . he clearly knows nothing about gay people or the majority of louisianans and americans who support legal recognition for loving and committed gay and lesbian couples . phil s decision to push vile and extreme stereotypes is a stain on a e and his sponsors who now need to reexamine their ties to someone with such public disdain for lgbt people and families . in addition to his anti gay rhetoric , the duck hunter also made dubious remarks regarding louisiana before the civil rights movement . i never , with my eyes , saw the mistreatment of any black person . not once . where we lived was all farmers . the blacks worked for the farmers . i hoed cotton with them . i am with the blacks , because we are white trash . we are going across the field , said robertson . they re singing and happy . i never heard one of them , one black person , say , i tell you what : these doggone white people —not a word . pre entitlement , pre welfare , you say : were they happy ? they were godly they were happy no one was singing the blues .:==:phil robertson 's son , willie , appeared on fox news new year 's eve coverage to see in 2014 . declared that the robertson clan is extremely keen to move on from the huge row over his father 's anti gay comments . revealed that phil robertson would be asleep in bed for midnight as he does not do holiday partying . last week a e announced phil robertson will return to duck dynasty . robertson was briefly suspended after making homophobic comments in gq magazine . the network says it does not endorse robertson 's views . fans and christian conservatives came out in force to support robertson after the suspension .

a prisoner tried to sue for compensation after claiming he had rolled off his bunk bed in his sleep . drug dealer callum foster tried to claim £6,000 in damages after he alleged that he had been injured after falling from a bunk bed drug dealer , callum foster , 22 , launched a bid for up to £6,000 in damages saying he had suffered head injuries at the category a prison in manchester . but the hapless convict was convicted of fraud and handed an extra nine months on his original sentence . foster will serve the sentence on top of the three years he is already serving for peddling heroin . yesterday a prison insider said : the stupidity of some people really knows no bounds . it begs belief that while serving a sentence for one crime he would try to commit another of such crass idiocy he quite clearly hasn t learned the lesson yet . callum foster , 22 , was jailed last year after being convicted of dealing heroin on the streets of manchester . but days after being incarcerated he read a lawyer s advertisement in a prison newspaper and hatched on a plan to sue the authorities for up to £6,000 . he claimed he had suffered a nasty bump to his head after he accidentally rolled out of his top bunk bed while asleep and fell five feet to the floor of his cell . foster even told prison wardens he had carried on sleeping and had not woken up despite the fall . but his cunning plan came u.s.itched when medical records revealed he already had a bump on his head before the accident was supposed to have happened . foster , of blackley , manchester denied fraud at manchester crown court but was found guilty after a trial . the court heard that on april fool 's day last year foster , while on remand for assault charges , was restrained for thuggish behaviour towards staff and when a nurse saw him later she noted a bump on his head . but in june last year , while foster was back in the prison for the supply of heroin , the prison authorities got a letter from personal injury lawyers michael jefferies , which claimed foster had fallen from his bunk and sustained injuries to his neck , shoulder , back and head . foster hadn t complained of any injuries at the time of the bogus fall and had not alerted staff . the claim , the court heard , was worth about £6,000 but could have cost the taxpayer up to £35,000 to defend . strangeways prison litigation team , which the court heard deals with 120 claims of this type at any given time , called in greater manchester police s prison crime specialist to investigate foster , before pursuing him for fraud . foster claimed that he had sustained head injuries after falling from a five foot bunk bed inside strangeways prison foster claimed in his trial that despite falling five feet to the ground , he continued sleeping , only realising he had fallen when his cellmate told him . his compensation claim alleged negligence because there was no safety rail on the bed . the court heard he has previous convictions stretching back to 2007 , including for grievous bodily harm , john wolfson , defending , said of foster s offence : he gained nothing from it apart from a criminal conviction . handing him a further nine months behind bars , judge robert atherton told foster : no one should be under any illusion about the lack of resources public services have . any such drain on public resources is to be abhorred particularly by someone who has such an anti social history as you have , with the convictions you have . foster has now been handed a total of three years nine months behind bars after being found guilty of fraud . foster is being held at strangeways category a prison in manchester pictured here compensation payments to prisoners cost the taxpayer up to £13 million each year . but prison authorities now have specialist legal teams who are called in to root out fraudulent claims . last year noel jennings , 23 , claimed he had slipped on water outside his cell at strangeways prison and hit his head he , tried to sue for £6,000 but his scam was uncovered by prison bosses and he was jailed for two years for perverting the course of justice following a hearing at manchester crown court . in 2012 , one prisoner who had taken part in a rooftop protest at a prison in belfast attempted to sue because he got sunburn . drugs baron simon price , 68 , an orthodox jew who was jailed for trying to smuggle £35 million worth of cocaine into britain , launched legal action last year for £2,500 compensation against frankland prison in durham for failing to provide him with equipment to cook kosher meals . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .:==:callum foster , from manchester , was convicted of selling heroin last year . foster tried for damages of £6,000 following fall at strangeways prison . hatched plan after reading lawyer 's advertisement in newspaper . prison insider said : the stupidity of some people really knows no bounds .

they have been a common sight in circuses for years , but a pair of daredevils from germany have taken the art of unicycling to new heights . lutz eichholz and his friend stephanie dietze have just completed a 9,000 feet descent down the dolomites mountain range in italy . it is the latest and highest challenge the german adrenalin junkies have tackled to date . high life : lutz eichholz and his friend stephanie dietze have just completed their biggest challenge yet four time world champion eichholz has been pedaling across cliffs and deserts all over the world for 16 years , but that made his and dietze 's latest venture down the cima ombretta orientale mountain no less daunting . eichholz a student from germany , said : it s at times like this that i realise just how thin the line between success and failure can be riding down the dolomites on a unicycle is a major challenge , even after more than 16 years of extreme unicycling . the terrain is particularly craggy and steep . on the edge : lutz and eichholz dice with death for the love of their hobby and are often injured in the pursuit of the buzz beer : lutz says he likes nothing better when he reaches the summit than rewarding himself with a cold beer dismount : even the intrepid duo are sometimes forced to dismount and carry their unicycles when there is no other way through perilous : the pair have to bunny hop down sheer rock face and are often forced to leap off their unicycles during their descent the massive mental effort means that as time goes on , it gets harder and harder for me to concentrate . but when i am enjoying my summit beer at the end , there is no better feeling in the world . the 26 year old has been unicycling since he was just nine years old , is a pioneer of the extreme sport and has travelled the world to indulge his heart stopping hobby . do not look down : the duo , balancing expertly high up in the dolomites , are just inches from death it is not the type of activity for the faint hearted and the sport has even spawned its own terminology for the many injuries it can because , such as shindentations marks where rocks puncture the front of the legs and calf tracks thin scars where the pedals cut into the back of the calves . earlier in the year lutz and dietze paid a separate trip to the dolomite 's and filmed their perilous descent . speed demon : four times world champion lutz eichholz demonstrates what it is all about x marks the spot : the duo take a breather and enjoy the view from the summit lunar landscape : the dolomites are said to be particularly challenging due to its craggy surface safer ground : the pair back down at the foot of the mountain after their strenuous effort peddle power : the duo are often left injured by their exploits and the sport has even developed its own terms to describe the injuries they were sponsored by adidas , who funded a professional cameraman to record their unbelievably dangerous feats . the riders are often forced to bail on their one wheeled machines , which have similar tyres to mountain bikes , if they take a spill during their hair raising journey . record breaker : lutz eichholz holds the world record for successfully completing a 6 m drop . they have to bunny hop down sheer rock faces , fight to maintain their balance on the treacherous shale beneath them and teeth grindingly pedal up arduous steep slopes . lutz is also the world record holder for the highest ever unicycle drop , landing a plunge from 6 m of an overhanging rock in the moroccan desert .:==:italian mountains provide setting for a german pair 's biggest challenge yet . unicyclists dice with death during their hair raising dolomite descent .

an innocent young couple found themselves wrongly accused of shoplifting after bungling police issued a cctv wanted photograph of the pair to the public . cctv shots of charlotte and james cozens shopping in their local boots with their three year old son were sent to the media as part of a caught on camera appeal . they were accompanied by a description of the pair and details of how they stashed stolen goods in their toddler 's pushchair . james and charlotte cozens , were shopping in their local boots in exmouth when they were filmed on cctv staff at the supermarket wrongly identified the couple , who were with their young son , as a pair of shoplifters boots staff passed on images of the cozens family to devon and cornwall police who issued an alert the release also came with the warning to the public not to approach the couple who were suspected of similar raids at other boots stores . mrs cozens , 22 , who works for the nhs , knew nothing about the investigation until a friend texted her a link to the picture on a local newspaper 's website . by then it had been published for more than 24 hours and had been shared 250 times on facebook with users branding her a thief and a bad mum . horrified , mrs cozens protested to devon and cornwall police who have since withdrawn the appeal and promised to review procedures on witness appeals . the force issued the black and white cctv after several items went missing at a boots in exmouth , devon , on june 29 . officers were said to be hunting a white male , with a shave head and white t shirt and a white female with long black hair , white top with large number on chest , black short skirt . shocked friends of the couple spotted the warning on a facebook page and alerted to them to the story the two suspects were alleged to have walked inside then concealed items in a push chair before leaving without making payment . police went on to say the same pair were believed to be behind a spate of similar thefts at boots stores across devon . the appeal ended with the warning : members of the public should not approach anyone who they believe to be displayed in the images . mrs cozens , right , said she was devastated to be accused of shoplifting as she has never done anything wrong in her life and works very hard mrs cozens said she and carpet fitter husband james , 30 , are now worried about leaving their home in exeter , devon , in case they suffer abuse . she said : it was horrific , we were so shocked . it is broken us both , we are so u.s.t we both work really hard for our money and would never steal anything . the photo is really clear and we are recognisable in it and for my son to be pictured too , is just awful . i did not know what to do , i felt like i could not leave the house . it is caused us so much stress , i have not slept much or eaten properly . it s disgusting how this mistake could have happened to innocent people . seeing everything which was written about me , including that i was a bad mum , has been so u.s.tting . we work hard for our money and would never do something like this . devon and cornwall police promised to review their caught on camera scheme to prevent a similar mistake but stopped short of apologising to mr and mrs cozens . a spokesman said : wouldevon and cornwall police have been made aware of the release of an image in relation to the investigation of a shoplifting offence . subsequently it appears that the image was incorrect and was withdrawn . the image was released through the caught on camera scheme , which is used to trace unidentified individuals during investigations . such images are published when the police have been unable to identify the individuals through any other means , relying on the public to help with our enquiries . this particular incident will be subject to review to ensure that our procedures are robust and comply with legislation and current procedures . now the couple want a public apology from devon and cornwall police following the highly embarrassing blunder . devon and cornwall police have since withdrawn the alert and now the couple want a full public apology mrs cozens said : we were told that boots handed the disc to the police but it was the wrong footage . we do not know anything more than that . the pictures have been in the local paper and on the devon and cornwall police website for weeks . they have acknowledged the mistake but they have not apologised . i think both boots and the police should publicly apologise . someone saw it on facebook and commented that stealing was bad enough , but to do it with a child was even worse what kind of example are you setting the child ? it s devastating because we have worked so hard to get where we are in life and we would never do anything wrong . boots said the company did not want to comment .:==:charlotte and james cozens were shopping in boots when they were filmed . staff at the shop wrongly identified the couple as a pair of shoplifters . the cctv footage was passed to police who published a wanted poster . friends of the couple seen the poster on facebook and warned them . mrs cozens said she is devastated to be wrongly linked to shoplifting . now the couple want a full public apology after being wrongly accused .

max verstappen , the 17 year old prodigy , pulled out of the garage and turned into the pages of formula one history . to bright sunshine here in suzuka , he become the youngest driver to take part in a grand prix weekend . he immediately looked at ease in the toro rosso on the most demanding of all f1 tracks , providing evidence that he is a special talent . however , whether he will live up to his boss helmut marko s lofty claim that his ability is reminiscent of ayrton senna remains to be seen . max verstappen completed 22 laps on his formula one debut during practice for the weekend 's japanese gp all eyes were on the 17 year old debutant who turned in an assured performance to post the 12 th best time the toro rosso pit wall watch on as verstappen is forced to park his car after an engine failure he was 12 th fastest in his one practice session , only half a second behind his team mate daniil kvyat . but after 22 assured laps , he had to pull off the track before the one and a half hour period was completed , his contribution ending with a puff of smoke . verstappen said over the radio : i have smoke out of the engine – what do i have to do ? he was told : stop the car . watching him in the garage was his father jos , a veteran of 107 races . the first lap i was a bit nervous , but now i m calm , said verstappen senior . verstappen immediately looked at ease in his toro rosso after taking to the challenging suzuka circuit the assembled photographers take pictures of verstappen as he steps into the cockpit of his toro rosso 1 . nico rosberg 1 : 35.4612 . lewis hamilton 1 : 35.6123 . fernando alonso 1 : 36.0374 . valtteri bottas 1 : 36.5765 . kimi raikkonen 1 : 37.1876 . kevin magnussen 1 : 37.3277 . daniel ricciardo red bull 1 : 37.4668 . jenson button 1 : 37.6499 . sebastian vettel red bull 1 : 37.68610 . daniil kvyat toro rosso 1 : 37.71411 . felipe massa 1 : 38.01212 . max verstappen toro rosso 1 : 38.157 what he is doing now is more than enough . he has to drive as much as he can . i am very proud . verstappen jnr batted any questions about his age being a factor moving forward . i m not focused on the age , it does not matter to me , he said . i think at the end , age does not make any difference if you are ready for it and you have prepared well , age is just a number . sebastian started when he was 19 and look at him now , some people can make it and some cannot . verstappen , went on to suggest people could race in the sport as young as 14 but is not looking at early comparisons between himself and four time world champion vettel . i focus on what i have to do at the moment , he said . i have to prove myself in f1 but it is always nice to hear those things . smoke billows from verstappen 's engine only six minutes remaining of the opening practice session the dutchman steps out of his toro rosso cockpit after parking his car towards the end of the session video verstappen set to become youngest driver in f1 his session may have been cut short but the dutchman was happy with his maiden outing at a bonafide race weekend . i cannot complain really , i enjoyed it a lot and that was the main thing today just to get experience and make a lot of laps , he added . i think in general it was more about learning the car , there is quite some difference compared to the 2012 car so i just build it up lap by lap and by the end you get used to it it is always good to drive an f1 car . toro rosso team principal franz tost has confirmed verstappen will compete in free practice at all of the remaining races , with the exception of the russian grand prix next weekend . we want to run him in austin as well as in sao paulo and abu dhabi this is how we want to prepare him for next season , tost said . we all know that this race track is quite difficult to learn so we gave him the opportunity to go out . he is doing a good job . we have changed it so he has a little less front downforce and i hope that he can do as many laps as possible . he has to learn the track so when he comes next year he can just go out and knows all the tricks you need to know here . the teenager speaks to the press following his formula one bow ahead of this weekend 's race in japan verstappen is mobbed by the world 's media after becoming the youngest driver in the history of the sport .:==:verstappen entered the formula one history books after he became the youngest driver to participate in a grand prix weekend . the 17 year old dutchman completed 22 laps and was 12 th fastest . he was only half a second slower than toro rosso team mate daniil kvyat and four times world champion sebastian vettel . but his debut session ended prematurely after he suffered engine failure . verstappen said over the radio : i have smoke out of the engine – what do i have to do ? he was told : stop the car . verstappen is the son of jos , former team mate of seven time world champion michael schumacher , and a veteran of 107 grands prix .

the youngest survivor of a plane crash that killed former sen . ted stevens last week has been released from a hospital in alaska , according to his family . willy phillips jr , 13 , was released from children 's hospital at providence alaska medical center and is traveling back to his home state of maryland , his mother said in a statement saturday . willy 's father , former stevens staffer bill phillips , was among the five people killed in the crash monday night near dillingham , alaska . in the statement , janet phillips thanked first responders and other medical personnel for their heroic efforts the night they spent on the mountain with willy . thank you for bringing willy back . phillips also extended her condolences to the other families who lost loved ones in the wreck . bill and our boys shared many alaska memories , phillips said in the statement . they loved alaska , and as we leave we know alaska will remain imprinted on our hearts . in addition to willy , the survivors of the crash are former nasa administrator sean o keefe and his 19 year old son , kevin , and jim moorhard of alexandria , virginia . killed in the crash were bill phillips sr , stevens , 86 pilot terry smith , 62 , of eagle river , alaska dana tindall , 48 , of anchorage , alaska and corey tindall , 16 , of anchorage , alaska . a memorial service for the elder phillips will be held friday in potomac , maryland , according to the statement . meanwhile , federal investigators continue to probe what caused the plane to crash into a rugged mountainside in southwestern alaska , according to the national transportation safety board . alaska air national guard rescuers were hampered by poor weather and terrain slogging for hours through rain , fog and wind to reach the site of the plane crash . autopsies on the five victims found the deaths were the result of blunt force trauma , greg wilkinson , an official at the medical examiner 's office , said friday . he said the state medical examiner , dr katherine raven , found the injuries to be consistent with this type of crash . raven also found that the injuries were not survivable , he said . a funeral for stevens , who served in the u.s. senate for 40 years , will be held wednesday at the anchorage baptist temple in anchorage .:==:willy phillips jr was among four survivors of the crash . former sen . ted stevens died in the crash . phillips father was among those killed . the investigation into the because of the monday crash continues .

the scottish aristocrats accused of collecting food stamps , welfare and medicaid from florida and minnesota while living a life of luxury have been deported from the bahamas and taken into custody in fort lauderdale . colin chisholm iii , 62 , and his wife lady andrea , 54 , are currently being held in a florida jail without bail as they await probable extradition to minnesota . the lord and lady are accused of taking more than $167,000 in government benefits over a seven year period . colin chisholm iii , 62 , and his wife lady andrea , 54 , are currently being held in a florida jail without bail as they await probable extradition to minnesota they had been on the run for about six weeks , when on monday they were visited in freeport on monday by police who told them their visas had expired , reports the orlando sentinel . the police escorted the couple , their young son and dog onto a ship headed to fort lauderdale , where they taken into custody . they went peacefully . their son and dog were turned over to other family members . the couple claimed to be wealthy scottish aristocrats while living in the community of deephaven , minnesota , where authorities pledged last week to do everything in their power to bring them to justice . scottish aristocrats colin chisholm the third , 62 , and his wife lady andrea , 54 , have been charged with $165,000 in welfare fraud while it is alleged they were living on a $1.2 million yacht in florida the couple not only owned a $1.2 million yacht but also a $30,000 lexus and beach property in florida these were rich folks ripping off the system , hennepin county attorney mike freeman said at a press conference on friday . i will make sure they do hard time . while probation is the lightest sentence allowable for the charges of welfare fraud , freeman vowed to push for prison time , the minneapolis star tribune reports . i can t imagine a judge in this district allowing the lord and lady to get probation , freeman quipped . the maximum sentence is a $100,000 fine and 20 years behind bars . along with the million dollar yacht called the andrea aras , the couple have a grand , six bedroom lakeside home , a beach property in florida and a $30,000 lexus , investigators found . colin chisholm iii , claims he is from a long line of scottish aristocracy and is a wealthy broadcasting executive , according to court filings . tough sentence : hennepin county , minnesota attorney mike freeman announced at a press conference friday . i will make sure they do hard time . the chisholms also had $3 million in bank accounts which they failed to declare , according to hennepin county attorney 's office . the couple were receiving public assistance for their medical care and food stamps in minnesota for years while also allegedly collecting welfare in florida . according to the criminal complaint filed in february , the chisholms applied for more than a dozen forms of medical assistance , welfare payments and food stamps . lady chisholm had her prenatal care for the couple 's son in 2006 paid for by the state while claiming to be desitute . in the welfare applications , the couple allegedly lied about where they were living and who they were living with . colin chisholm did not declare that he ran a business nor lady chisholm that she had a dog kennel which breeds championship worthy cavalier king charles spaniels . colin chisholm the third , 62 , and his wife lady andrea , 54 , of deephaven , minnesota , have been charged with wrongfully obtaining $165,000 in welfare and are still at large lady chisholm is alleged to have claimed for state prenatal care despite having millions of dollars in the bank according to the website for their company strathglass kennel , the couple trace their roots to the clan chisholm from the small village of struy in the scottish highlands . chisholm is listed as the president and ceo of tcn network , a satellite tv company serving the carribbean . more than $1 million dollars flowed through accounts he controlled as part of that company , the complaint states . the couple were living with lady chisholm 's mother in minneapolis when they first applied for welfare in 2005 . however for the next two years , they resided on their florida yacht , and later at a beach property in the state , none of which was ever declared , investigators claim . in april 2007 , the chisholms came back to minnesota and filled out forms for more benefits . in march 2008 , they moved into a luxury home in deephaven with andrea s grandparents eloise and francis heidecker . francis died in february 2009 at age 94 and by september of that year , eloise heidecker and the chisholms were evicted from the home . they immediately moved to another deephaven home on lake minnetonka with stunning waterfront views . the couple moved to a lakefront property on lake minnetonka in 2008 all the while raking in thousands in welfare payments the home , built in 1909 , is believed to have six bedrooms , five bathrooms and stretch to 5,800 sq ft set on 1.6 acres . none of these details were declaired on welfare forms nor the fact andrea chisholm had power of attorney and controlled the finances of her elderly grandmother . hennepin county attorney mike freeman said on friday : it is truly outrageous when persons of considerable means steal from the government and all of us taxpayers through abusing the social welfare system . we will prosecute this case with all the capacity we have . hennepin county s human services and public health department terminated all welfare benefits to the chisholms at the end of march 2012 . prosecutors will ask that the judge be allowed to impose a longer sentence than the minnesota sentencing guidelines call for because the chisholms committed a major economic offense .:==:colin chisholm iii and his wife lady andrea , of deephaven , minnesota , were arrested in the bahamas on monday . they are currently languishing in a florida jail and could be extradited to minnesota . the couple are accused of illegally obtaining more than $167,000 in public assistance over a seven year period . at the same time they lived the high life on board a $1.2 m , 83 ft yacht .

nigel farage tonight insisted he would not give up trying to pull britain out of the european union even if voters rejected leaving in a referendum . the ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become redundant as a result . mr farage , appearing on a special question time style programme filmed in birmingham today , even claimed the party could enjoy an snp style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the eu nigel farage , speaking tonight on a special question time style programme broadcast on the bbc , insisted he would not give up trying to pull britain out of the european union even if voters rejected leaving in a referendum the ukip leader said he would accept the result , but rejected claims his party would become redundant as a result the ukip leader 's comments come after david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg faced a live tv grilling over their plans for the next five years in power . all three leaders faced questions over mr cameron 's proposed european referendum in 2017 . the prime minister revealed that he would not go into any future coalition which refused to grant the public a say on britain 's membership of the eu mr miliband however batted off criticism from the audience to insist that he would not hold a referendum – insisting it was not in britain 's interests . speaking tonight , mr farage claimed britain could thrive outside the eu and vowed to push for a referendum before 2017 . he said : the point about a referendum is we have had a variety of promises of referendums that have never been delivered . i want that referendum conducted on full , free and fair terms . and what i mean by that is that both sides must have the same spending limits . the broadcasters must have an ombudsman to make sure there is a proper , even debate and we must and we must define who is qualified to vote in this referendum and who is not . and if it is a full , free and fair referendum i will accept the result . would it make ukip redundant ? no , because just look at what is happened in scotland . the scots – the scots rejected their independence referendum and yet the snp have gone to remarkable heights since then . the ukip leader faced questions from a live audience for the show , hosted by the presenter jo cockburn , broadcast tonight the show was broadcast after david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg faced a live tv grilling over their plans for the next five years in power mr farage 's claim that ukip could surge to similar levels of support to the snp is likely to spark accusations of hubris . in the wake of last year 's independence referendum in scotland , the snp has seen its support surge to 54 per cent – putting it on course , according to some analysts , to win all 59 seats north of the border . ukip meanwhile trail badly behind both the tories and labour – currently languishing on between 10 to 15 per cent in the polls . unlike the snp , the party is expected to win no more than five seats on may 7 – with some pollsters predicting only the popular douglas carswell clinging onto his seat in clacton , essex . but mr farage insisted ukip was on course to do well at the election and claimed the party 's stance on border controls was backed by the vast majority of the country . he said : 77 per cent of british people want us to have proper border controls and reduced immigration levels , all right ? i am pro immigration , but i am pro controlled immigration . during the earlier tv showdown mr cameron guaranteed that he would not go into government with any party that would not give the public an in out referendum ed miliband , appearing on the question time special tonight , insisted he would not give voters a say on europe mr farage said ukip could save easily £1 bn a year from nhs health tourism and returned to the controversial topic of foreign hiv sufferers receiving treatment on the nhs . he said : the issue i specifically raised was the issue that since 2012 anybody can come to britain , not to live , but anybody can come to britain and get hiv treatment on the national health service . now it is interesting . i have here a letter from a 30 year old hiv positive man in london who says , why are the waiting rooms now full to overflowing ? why does it now take me three weeks to get an appointment ? and he says to me , it is because since we opened the door in 2012 we are now incapable of providing hiv treatment for people legally living in britain . mr farage , facing tough questions from the studio audience , insisted britain would not be damaged by leaving the eu he said : we re not exiting europe . let us be very clear about that . i love europe , it is a wonderful place . it is got different countries , different people , different languages , cultures , wines , cheeses , it is a great place . and providing it is democratic and not fighting each other it is , i think in many ways the richest , culturally the richest continent on earth . however , what now masquerades as being europe , what has hijacked the word europe , is something called the european union which has a flag , it has an anthem , it has a president – not that anyone can ever name who they are – and it is a political union that now makes nearly 75 of our laws , costs us a great deal of money and i think is wholly unnecessary , not just for britain , but i feel that for the rest of europe too . nicola sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at bbc scotland in glasgow this evening the scottish first minister insisted she would block a labour budget if mr miliband would not compromise with her the ukip leader also backtracked on comments praising the russian leader vladimir putin – admitting that he was probably a threat to the uk mr putin who is clearly acting aggressively . i think he is a threat to us i think there is also a threat from some of the extreme islamic elements in the middle east and it is back to the question about defence .:==:ukip leader said he would accept the result of any future eu referendum . rejected claim ukip would become redundant if the country voted to stay . insisted a lost referendum would not deter him from trying to pull out of eu mr farage was interviewed for a special question time style programme.com es after cameron , clegg and miliband faced questions on live tv .

blekko 's alternative search engine a $24 million venture backed project that is been three years in the making is today launching its public beta . with the official rollout , blekko is also releasing several new features designed for both mainstream and the site 's super users . as you may recall , blekko is designed to eliminate spam search results , allowing users to search just a subset of the web through its proprietary slashtag technology . the most significant upgrade to blekko 's search engine is the addition of slashtags that auto fire for queries that fall into one seven categories : health , colleges , autos , personal finance , lyrics , recipes and hotels . every time a blekko user 's query is determined to be in one of these categories , blekko will automatically append the associated slashtag to the query and limit results to just the subset of urls that fall under that slashtag . the auto fire functionality is designed with passive searchers in mind , and aims to eliminate friction for first time users . the technology that powers these auto slashtags was developed through an extensive research and development phase that involved analyzing the relationship between queries and the type of spam results they typically generate . blekko plans to introduce auto slashing for additional categories moving forward , but selected to launch with ones that represent a high volume of search traffic and are typically laden with spammy results . health , lyric and financial queries on google or bing , for instance , will return results dominated by poor quality content farms or malware hosting sites . those same searches on blekko yield results only from high quality sites . blekko 's slashtag formula works because of passionate users who take the time to add and edit urls for category slashtags . as such , the company has released new features to enable users to apply to be editors for slashtags as well as share their comments and feedback on individual slashtags . think of this as the wikipedia formula but applied to search , so a small percentage of users will work together to build out slashtags for the majority of blekko searchers . blekko has been testing its solution to search with roughly 8,000 beta testers who have created more than 3,000 different slashtags . blekko tells us that 11 percent of its existing user base come back to the site on a weekly basis . ceo rich skrenta and founder mike markson have modest projections for the immediate future , but believe that once the site hits one to two million queries per day , it can be profitable . blekko is currently available on the web or as a mobile optimized site , but mobile applications are also said to be in the works . © 2013 mashable.com . all rights reserved .:==:blekko 's search engine is a $24 million venture backed project . search engine is designed to eliminate spam search results . most significant upgrade to blekko 's search engine is the addition of slashtags .

from the outside , the dc 10 jet parked on the airport runway looks like any ordinary plane . but if you step inside , you will notice something is not quite right . instead of rows of seats , you will find a fully equipped operating theater rather than uniform clad flight attendants , you will see a group of doctors in blue coats gathered around a microscope . this is the world 's only flying eye hospital a converted plane that has been landing at airports in the developing world for the last 30 years . its mission is to treat people suffering from blinding diseases many of whom are children . but it is not just about treatment the plane is also designed to train local ophthalmologists . cameras inside the operating room broadcast eye surgeries to a 48 seat classroom at the front of the plane , where local doctors watch to learn new skills and techniques . a two way audio system let us the observers ask the surgeons questions while they operate . inspiring students in october 2013 , the flying eye hospital landed in cameroon , and its doctors visited the yaounde central hospital in the country 's capital . it was a revealing experience for everybody present , said dr emilienne epee , senior lecturer of ophthalmology at the university of yaounde . officials , lecturers and senior staff were exposed to what is available and what can be done in a realistic way , easing the advocacy for ophthalmologists , she said . epee added that the visit got many medical students interested in ophthalmology , and she hopes that this will increase the number of ophthalmologists in cameroon . however , the country still faces many problems when it comes to eye health . equipment is an issue and for the time being we do not have the latest or high tech facilities in our services , said epee . nevertheless we can attend to the basic need and avoid blindness with what is available to us read this : birth advice by text message orbis , a u.s. based non profit organization that works in developing countries worldwide to prevent blindness and treat visually impaired people , is the organization behind the remarkable plane . it is truly remarkable to see people regaining their eyesight every day , said flavia draganus , communications manager on board the flying eye hospital . when we take the patches off after the surgery we see them smile because they can see again , although they thought they would never be able to an estimated 285 million people worldwide are blind or visually impaired according to the who 90 of them live in low and middle income countries , yet 80 of them could be treated or cured with the right medical care . flying eye hospital doctors treat blinding diseases like cataracts , glaucoma , trachoma and diabetic retinopathy many of them are easily treatable with the right medical care , which developing countries often lack . during their stay , doctors also leave the plane to go to local hospitals to train doctors with the hospitals existing equipment . bruce johnson , director of aircraft operations at orbis , said : the main deficits in the eye care industry in the developing world are a lack of ophthalmologists and the right equipment as well as very few specialist hospitals . also , often parents cannot afford the surgery for their children . johnson has been with orbis for nine years and has been on dozens of overseas programs . we can take our hospital anywhere to reach people in remote regions that do not have access to the right eye care treatment , he said . the organization says the flying eye hospital has so far carried out 925,000 surgeries and trained 92,000 doctors . local knowledge it is the training that offers long term hope for better eye care . there is a huge appetite for training among doctors in the developing world , as we have recently seen on a trip to cameroon , draganus said . we leave knowledge behind and make sure that these doctors sustain the skills even after we left . orbis has been asked to build a pediatric eye care unit as part of the planned yaounde vision institute . the institute would mark a step forward for eye health care in cameroon , but a lack of training nationwide remains a challenge . dr henry nkumbe is an ophthalmologist based in yaounde , and secretary general of the african ophthalmology forum . he said : no center in the country has the necessary skills set and equipment to regularly perform corneal grafts , advanced glaucoma surgeries . so cameroon , through out of pocket payments by patients or covered by the ministry of health budget , spends a lot on medical evacuations abroad , for specialist eye care services currently not available in cameroon . nkumbe added : at present at most 25 of people needing cataract surgery in cameroon do indeed get it more than 30 years ago , the american ophthalmologist dr david paton created orbis based on the idea of using aviation to deliver medical education around the world . in 1980 , united airlines donated a plane to the project and after it was converted into a fully functional teaching eye hospital , it went on its first trip to panama in 1982 and has so far visited 78 countries worldwide . a program in each country lasts around two to three weeks and there are up to 24 people on board including doctors , nurses , anesthesiologists and aircraft mechanics . in 2010 , fedex donated an md 10 aircraft , which is currently being turned into the next flying hospital . johnson said : i never imagined that there are so many people out there that need treatment and whose blindness can easily be prevented , with just the right care . read this : the free water helping hydrate africa read this : flying doctor takes to the skies after sister 's death read this : how african doctors can cure medical brain drain .:==:the world 's only flying eye hospital is a jet converted into a fully equipped eye hospital . eye specialists treat patients and train local doctors to ensure long term benefit . it has flown to 78 countries and trained thousands of doctors . flying hospital treats diseases such as cataracts and glaucoma .

colombia 's soccer officials announced wednesday they will suspend a defender for the deportivo pereira for two games and fine him $560 for kicking an owl on the junior barranquilla home field on sunday . the bird , a mascot for the junior barranquilla team , had landed on the field during a game shortly before luis moreno trotted over to it and launched it aloft with his foot . it landed a few yards away . monday , it died . the animal was practically a symbol for the barranquillera fan and , given that the aggression occurred in their own stadium and in direct view of all the assistants , such an attitude can validly be interpreted as being within the range of public provocation that is regulated by the disciplinary code of the colombian football federation , soccer officials said in a statement . newspaper reports quoted moreno as apologizing for the act .:==:colombia 's luis moreno also fined $560 after kicking an owl . bird was practically a symbol for the barranquillera fan , soccer officials said . owl , which landed on field during game , died a day after incident .

ronny deila has sought to defuse a perceived rift with neil lennon by insisting he s got no issue with the way his parkhead predecessor managed his players . the norwegian has ordered his squad to eat lunch together at lennoxtown , has imposed a ban on fizzy drinks and has ordered his players to reduce their body fat . such changes were perceived by some as a slight on the previous regime – with lennon hitting back on a radio interview over the weekend . ronny deila attempted to diffuse the perceived rift with his celtic predecessor neil lennon without specifically mentioning deila by name , lennon stated : all you hear now is that you need to ban chips , tomato sauce , fizzy drinks . yeah , because that makes them better players . it s disrespectful when a new manager comes in and immediately says : “the players aren t fit enough”. deila , however , yesterday sought to clarify his position and stressed that striving to do things differently didn t necessarily imply a criticism of the way things were done before . i inherited a champion team so i never said anything to make that performance bad , he stated . neil lennon dismissed measures such as banning chips and fizzy drinks saying it did not make players better what i meant is you get in some new players and you also have players who have been out injured , had surgeries and come back again — there is always room for improvements . as he says as well , there are different ways to look at things and , for me , we still have a job to do to get the players fitter . that s nothing about what has gone here before because that was great , he did fantastically well and i think i have been respectful all the time . i m a big fan of what he has done before . with his side sitting fourth in the scottish premiership and having won just one of their past seven matches in all competitions , deila intends playing the strongest possible team against hearts in the league cup tomorrow . and , despite growing suggestions that leigh griffiths is poised to rejoin hibs on loan after being omitted from the squad which faced motherwell , deila reiterated his desire to hold on to the striker . deila 's side will face hearts at parkhead mid week while rangers will have to overcome falkirk on interest from hibs , deila said : i know there s been interest but we haven t agreed on anything but we ll see what is happening . asked if he would consider allowing the player to leave , he replied : we ll see how it goes . there haven t been any real talks between the clubs . leigh is playing games here and he s fighting for a place in the starting 11 . we want him here . pressed on what the player needed to do to force his way back into his match day squads , deila replied : he needs to show himself in training , work hard every day and take his chances when he gets them , same as everybody else . however , when asked if griffiths would be in his squad tomorrow , the manager answered : we ll see . hibs boss alan stubbs yesterday branded fresh talk of a loan return for griffiths as just speculation . but he refused to deny on going interest in the u.s.ttled celtic striker and admitted he remains on the look out for someone who could really make a difference . kris commons scored a second half penalty against motherwell to earn a point at the weekend with hibs worrying start to the season continuing after saturday s 1 to 0 defeat at queen of the south , the suggestion that a third loan spell for griffiths at easter road is imminent refuses to go away . however , speaking ahead of tonight s league cup trip to face premiership strugglers ross county , stubbs said : i don t want to speak about players that are not mine . is that me ducking it ? no , i can t comment on someone else s player . obviously , there s speculation but , as far as i m aware , it s just speculation . i don t know where it s come from . but , especially with it being my former club , it would be very disrespectful for me to speak about a player who s not even ours . leight griffiths could be set for a loan move back to hibs after struggling for game time at celtic if it was someone we thought could really make a difference , then i think the board would be very supportive . obviously , you ve got a player who s not playing and people are putting two and two together and making six . i want to really focus on ross county and not on something that s got nothing to do with me saturday s loss was hibs fourth of the league campaign and leaves them a massive 10 points adrift of undefeated rivals hearts . it leaves question marks hanging over the new regime being built by stubbs under new chief executive leeann dempster , but the former celtic and everton defender insisted he had steeled himself for the pressures of management . pressure ? i believe in what i m doing , he said . yes , obviously i believe the results need to keep getting better , but from a pressure point of view i believe in the players . and , as long as they keep seeing me believing , it will turn .:==:ronny deila banned fizzy drinks for celtic players . neil lennon appeared to take offence , dismissing such measures . norwegian tried to diffuse the perceived rift with his predecessor .

a hoax mayday call that launched a massive search off the coast of new jersey last week may be linked to a similar call made last month nearly 1,500 miles away off texas , authorities said wednesday . at a news conference in new york , coast guard investigators said that in both cases the callers reported their boats were sinking and used similar key words and phrases , leading authorities to believe the calls could have come from the same individual . on may 20 , rescuers searched for 36 hours in waters off the coast of galveston , texas , and found nothing after a distress call reporting six people stranded in the water , chief warrant officer lionel bryant told cnn . investigators try to track down false yacht mayday on june 11 , a distress call reporting a yacht explosion prompted a massive rescue effort in the water near new jersey . the call was determined to be fake after no evidence of a boat was found . officials initially classified the texas call as unresolved because the coast guard could not eliminate the possibility that the distress call came from a vessel in the water . but a houston television reporter alerted the coast guard 's new york office to similarities in the two cases , and that led authorities to take a closer look . by no means is it a guarantee that this was the same individual that made both calls . we are analyzing the voices on both calls , coast guard capt . gregory hitchen told reporters . in both instances , the caller described his boat as taking on water rather than sinking , described the people on board his boat as souls , said victims were in orange life rafts and used a similar speaking pattern , hitchen said . investigators said the calls in both cases seem to have originated from land , he added . the coast guard said the estimated cost of the rescue operation in the new jersey case was $300,000 . the agency is relying on the media and tips from the public to find the callers because current technology is not capable of allowing investigators to pinpoint exactly where the calls came from . coast guard offers reward after apparent hoax but officials are hoping that the person responsible for the false calls finds it difficult to keep quiet . they do brag about it in certain cases , hitchen said . more than 100 calls have come in to a tip line , coast guard investigative service special agent michael donnelly told reporters wednesday . authorities released audio excerpts from both of the mayday calls . in the new jersey incident , a male voice is heard saying , we have 21 souls on board , 20 in the water right now . i have three deceased on board , nine injured because of the explosion we have had . i am in three feet of water on the bridge . i am going to stay by the radio as long as i can before i have to go overboard . in the texas case , the voice says , we are about probably 2 miles from the channel and we are taking on water . the caller was unable to give an exact location in either call . anyone convicted of making a false mayday call to the coast guard would face six years in prison and a $250,000 fine , but finding such perpetrators has proven difficult for authorities . investigations rarely have led to an arrest or conviction . there were 60 reported hoax calls in the new york region in 2011 , but since 2004 only four people have been convicted for making false distress claims . authorities do not believe the false calls are terrorism related . cnn 's mike ahlers contributed to this report .:==:the coast guard received apparent false mayday calls off new jersey and texas . a houston reporter alerted the agency to similarities in the calls . the coast guard is relying on the media and tips from the public to find the callers .

venetians are up in arms over plans to build an islamic centre on the banks of the lagoon city 's grand canal . italian prime minister enrico letta announced plans to build the islamic museum and study centre during a meeting with the emir of qatar . letta , who is in the middle east to drum up investment for italy s woe begotten state industries , said the leaders had made a commitment to explore the opportunity to build an islamic museum in venice on the grand canal . venetians have voiced their concerns over plans to build an islamic museum near the palazzo delle pescheria on the grand canal by the rialto bridge the centre is set to be housed in one of venice s most prestigious and beautiful vantage points , the palazzo delle pescheria on the grand canal by the rialto bridge . the former prosecutor s headquarters there has recently been vacated . italian prime minister enrico letta announced the plans during a meeting with the emir of qatar the project has immediately met with fierce resistance from venetians , who say the money would be better spent rescuing their city from sinking into the mud . currently a third of the city including iconic st mark 's square is under water after an unrelenting wave of rain across italy . governor of the veneto region , luca zaia , said he was surprised that letta has money to throw away on an islamic museum , when venice itself is at constant risk of collapsing into the sea . massimo bitonci , a senator in the anti immigration northern league party , said italy needed the funding to tackle more pressing economic issues . he said : let me send the premier a clear message . we don t want an islamic centre in venice . letta would do better to concentrate on the economic crisis a instead of thinking about how to favour and spread islam . he added : frankly venice needs our help in other ways . if there really is will and funding to promote new museums let us think of a project to promote venetian culture and traditions . currently a third of venice incluing iconic st mark 's square is under water after a wave of rain across italy but mayor of venice giorgio orsoni said that bringing great cultural institutions of international to venice helped to draw in new courses of income to reduce the city 's reliance on mass tourism . mayor orsoni said : we have been working for months in close contact with the emirates and dubai who are interested in the realisation of the museum and ready to finance it as well as hosting islamic art collections and exhibitions , the centre is set to grow into a proper cultural centre with offering meetings , courses and conferences , he said .:==:islamic museum planned near the palazzo delle pescheria on the grand canal by the rialto bridge . italian prime minister enrico letta announced plans during a meeting with the emir of qatar .

england s model councils will get a greater share of a multi million pound fund being set aside to repair the country s potholes . the government is launching its biggest investment in roads since the 1970 s , putting aside £168 million to repair the potholes that blight the country s roads and frustrate motorists . more than three million potholes will be filled in by march next year and the money will be spread 148 councils . each will get a share but those councils who demonstrate best practice in highways maintenance will get additional funding . prime minister david cameron joins pothole campaigner roy plumb and anna soubry mp during a visit to victoria street , nottingham to inspect the potholes that blight the city it could be almost any street in britain that david cameron , the prime minister , is walking down . replete with potholes mr cameron , his mp anna soubry and anti pothole campaigner examine the ruts in victoria street , nottingham potholes are the bane of motorists lives causing damage to cars and making driving uncomfortable and potentially dangerous nationwide : from finchley in north london to hull in east yorkshire the country 's roads are scarred with potholes among these are northamptonshire , which will get £3.3 million after it initiated systems to track pothole repairs in real time , allowing it to deploy teams and co ordinate work more effectively . hampshire , where new pothole fixing equipment can be converted to salt icy roads in winter , gets around £6 million , while lancashire will receive £4.9 million . some £10 million is also earmarked for london , the department for transport said . as well as damaging cars , potholes can because fatal accidents . martyn uzzell , a 51 year old service engineer , on a charity ride from land s end to john o groats , died instantly from severe head injuries when he was thrown into the path of the car behind him after his bike hit a four inch deep pothole on the a65 at giggleswick , north yorkshire . gertrude donaldson , a retired nurse who served in india during the second world war , was walking around numerous potholes and unclear road markings in station road car park , kendal , cumbria when she was hit and killed by a reversing van . the owners of the car park , jaymar estates , were found guilty of breaching health and safety guidelines and were fined £95,000 , with £50,000 costs . forty five per cent of drivers say that they have had an accident or near miss because of a pothole . the money must be used to repair potholes or ensure that they do not appear in the first place . councils will also have to publish updates on works every three months so residents can see how repairs are progressing , and all work has to be completed by march 2015 . patrick mcloughlin , the transport secretary , said : potholes are the bane of all our lives and the funding announced today is an important step in ridding our roads of this menace . but it is only one part of a massive programme of investment to get our country up to speed as part of this government s long term economic plan . by building , repairing and renewing our key infrastructure we will ensure the future growth and prosperity of this country . the £168 million pothole funding was announced by chancellor george osborne in march s budget , and is in addition to the extra £185 million the government made available that month to help repair local roads damaged by severe weather . some £24 billion will be spent on england s motorways and a roads between 2010 and 2021 , the biggest investment in the road network since the 1970 s . the government said a further £7.4 billion would committed to local roads in the next parliament , along with funding from the £12 billion local growth fund . 1 if it s safe , gather evidence of the pothole as soon as you can , including photographs , measurements and position on the road for example , is it on a blind corner ? . 2 report the pothole to the relevant council or to the highways agency . councils are responsible for a and b roads , and inner city roads . motorways are the responsibility of the highways agency . 3 obtain a full breakdown of costs for all damage caused by the pothole . if you incur additional costs , keep a record of these but remember that you might not get any or all of your expenditure back and that any unrealistic or extravagant claims are likely to be turned down . 4 submit a freedom of information act request to the relevant council or to the highways agency to establish how often the road is inspected or maintained . to find out how to do this , type the name of the authority you are claiming against , along with the words freedom of information , into an internet search engine , and you will find the relevant web page . 5 download the national code of good practice for highway maintenance and familiarise yourself with the guidance on highways management . 6 write a detailed letter to the local authority explaining exactly what happened . include a map of the area , marking the location of the pothole . highlight your costs and explain that you wish to claim for compensation . your letter might eventually be read out in court , so keep it factual and concise . 7 your claim may be initially rejected under section 58 of the highways act 1980 . this allows a council or the highways agency to defend claims on the basis that they had taken reasonable measures to ensure potholes were found and dealt with swiftly . provided they have followed their system of regular repairs and inspections , they may be successful in rejecting your claim . 8 use your foi request information and the checklist at potholes . co uk to evaluate the local authority s defence against your claim . if you think you still have a case , write back to the authority pointing out the discrepancies and include evidence in the form of paperwork and photographs . inform them that you don t consider they have satisfied section 58 . remember , finding discrepancies doesn t automatically lead to a successful claim . there could be a reasonable explanation or you may have misinterpreted the information . they might also be prepared to defend the discrepancy in court . 9 if the local authority still refuses your claim , think carefully how you want to proceed . you might even want to take some legal advice at this stage as you may end up spending more money in court fees than you receive in compensation . small claims are effective for taking action for small amounts and can now be completed online at moneyclaim . 10 if an offer is made , be willing to negotiate . you might not be entitled to claim for all the costs you incur . information from potholes . co uk .:==:fund to be spread across england 's 148 councils with those showing best practice in road repairs getting more .£10 m to be spent on london 's roads , £6 m in hants and £4.9 m in lancs . money must be used to repair potholes or ensure they do not appear . councils also have to publish updates on works every three months so residents can see how repairs are progressing .

hurricane sandy , the superstorm that swept across new york city a year ago , has some very young survivors . it was no small feat when james grifio and his staff ay the nyu fertility center managed to save embryos in incubators during a storm induced power outage . they also managed to salvage the eggs in the ovaries of 21 women . james grifio , director if the nyu fertility center , told abc news that seven lucky new yorkers have babies known as sandy saves . another six women are expecting . nyu fertility center managed to save fragile invitro embryos from dying during hurricaine sandy the manhattan clinic lost power shortly after sandy struck . even though a generator on top of the 8 story building kept the incubators running through the night , flooding in the basement cut off the incubators fuel supply at 8:15 the next morning . dedicated to his patients , grifio picked up several staff members at 6 am the morning after the storm and drove them to the clinic . thankfully , there were so many people who worked together , grifo said of the heroic rescue mission . to be a part of that was just amazing . nyu fertility center director james grifio and his team of staff managed to salvage all of the embryos in his lab during hurricane sandy it took some valiant efforts from the fertility clinic staff to keep the fragile embryos from cooling . grifio and his team managed to carry five gallon cans of diesel fuel up the 8 story building to fuel the generator . our pregnancy rates stayed the same , as if the storm had never happened , said grifio . not only was grifio able to save the embryos in incubators but he was able to continue the fertilization process in women who needed daily injections to force their bodies into ovulating . hurricane sandy flooded several parts of new york city and most of lower manhattan a shot of human gonadotropin frees the eggs for collection just 35 hours later and time is of the essence in collecting the fragile eggs . one patient had her egg retrieval scheduled for 10 am the morning after the storm . grifio , who cared more about his patient than his business , took one woman to a clinic on madison avenue . i loaded her , her husband and their 1 year old baby into my car , said grifo , recalling how he rushed the family to another clinic up an eerily empty madison avenue . and she had a baby from that cycle then and now : severe flooding in battery park during hurricane sandy is now just a memory the madison avenue clinic was a fierce competitor but grifio knew that he would be unable to perform the procedure . the backup power protected the incubators , but we could not take the chance of doing an egg retrieval , said grifio . it s a testament to the people in new york who work in medicine , he added . some of our most vicious competitors offered assistance . anything frozen in the clinic was not in danger , reports the huffington post . grifio and his staff also managed to freeze the embryos in liquid nitrogen for 6 patients who were scheduled to have the embryos transferred later that week . those patients had to wait a month but no embryos were lost . the generator has since been restarted and has worked ever since . thanks to the kindness of other fertility clinics grifio was able to continue performing egg retrievals . the new hope fertility clinic in columbus circle lent grifio space to conduct his delicate treatments . grifio received offers of help from around the country , he said , which points to the fact that , the people in this field understand that there is a patient at the end of this . everybody is working together not to compromise patient cycles . the identity of the families who grifio helped conceive children during hurricane sandy has not been released .:==:james grifio of nyu fertility center and his staff carried five gallon cans of diesel fuel up the 8 story building to fuel the clinic 's generator . grifio was able to save all of the clinic 's embryos and salvaged eggs in the ovaries of 21 women . our pregnancy rates stayed the same , as if the storm had never happened , said grifio .

leading world press freedom organisations condemned the government s royal charter on press regulation yesterday as no form of solution at all . the charter was drawn up by politicians and approved by the queen in the wake of the leveson inquiry into alleged wrongdoing by journalists . but in a highly critical report , the world association of newspapers and news publishers wan ifra said excluding the newspaper industry from the final drafting process was a major error . it said any regulatory system must have the support of the industry and warned there was growing evidence that moves to heavily regulate britain s newspapers are being used by repressive regimes to excuse their own press curbs . the world association of newspapers and news publishers wan ifra said excluding the newspaper industry from the final drafting process of the royal charter was a major error . file picture the royal charter underpins with statute a new body to oversee the regulation of the press , with publications that refuse to comply facing exemplary damages in libel cases . newspapers and magazines have refused to sign up , fearing it would bring an end to 300 years of press freedom . instead , the press is establishing a fully independent body to police its activities , the independent press standards organisation . it will be able to impose fines of up to £1 million for serious and systemic wrongdoing . the wan ifra report , press freedom in the uk , follows a two day fact finding mission by international editors to the uk in january . the 42 page document said : the exclusion of the industry in the final drafting process of the royal charter was a major error , if the intention was for a genuine improvement in the culture , ethics and professionalism of the press . a solution that did not include any of the media industry is entirely counterproductive , and can be described as no form of solution at all . there has been a real lack of public discussion about the implications of the issues raised by the leveson inquiry and their effects – positively or negatively – for freedom of expression in the uk the speed of implementation of the royal charter proposal , coupled with the lack of legislative scrutiny , parliamentary vote or public consultation , has undoubtedly contributed to a general lack of understanding around the issues . the entire negotiation process in the build up to a deal on a new system for regulation should have been more transparent . referring to uk government interference towards the guardian following its publication of us surveillance stories based on information from whistleblower edward snowden , it adds : political assurances that the royal charter scheme provides a hands off solution for press regulation and can guarantee press freedom are somewhat undermined by the readiness of the uk government to intervene against the guardian . wan ifra said : the royal charter system used as an example or transposed elsewhere to countries lacking the united kingdom 's historic commitment to human rights risks an open invitation for abuse in other parts of the world wan ifra , which represents more than 18,000 publications , 15,000 online sites and 3,000 companies in more than 120 countries , warns that even the suggestion of a decline in britain s regard for press freedom risks serious repercussions in other parts of the world . it said : the royal charter system – used as an example or transposed elsewhere to countries lacking the united kingdom s historic commitment to human rights – risks an open invitation for abuse in other parts of the world . there is growing evidence , reported by the wan ifra membership , that the british approach – either in terms of regulation , or in the misuse of terrorism and national security legislation – is being used by repressive regimes to excuse their own practices towards the press . the british government . should reiterate clearly to the international community that it continues to support a free and independent press , and back these statements with discernible action at home to support rather than punish journalism . its chief executive vincent peyregne said : given the uk s continued influence over developing nations where media are essential for the spread of democratic values , the future of a free , independent press . is under threat worldwide . bob satchwell , executive director of the society of editors , said the report was a sad and damning indictment of the political classes in a country that prides itself on being the mother of modern democracies . he added : no wonder journalists across the world are concerned that britain , which lectures other countries about press freedom , has after 300 years taken a retrograde step in its own backyard . we hope ministers will take note of the call to support a free and independent press internationally and back these statements with discernible action at home to support rather than punish journalism .:==:press freedom organisation has called charter no form of solution at all . any regulation must have support of industry , claims wan ifra . exclusion of news media 's input was a major error .

a california man was arrested for allegedly murdering his estranged wife and 5 year old daughter over the weekend after stabbing his girlfriend . joanna barrientos , 36 , and her stepdaughter mia lopez , 5 , were discovered shot to death saturday night in the town of hemet . johnny lopez , 36 , joanna 's estranged husband , was arrested saturday in connection to the double homicide and attempted murder of another woman . monstrous crime : johnny lopez is accusing of shooting dead his biological daughter , 5 year old mia , and his estranged wife , joanna barrientos crime scene : the bodies of the woman and child were discovered in their hemet home according to a relative , the slain victims were not blood relatives , but miss barrientos cared for mia and treated her as her own daughter , ktla reported . sheriff 's deputies got a call at around 9.13 pm saturday from barrientos mother , annie copado , who said that two dead bodies were inside a home in the 26000 block of girard street in hemet . an hour earlier , deputies responded to a home in the 40000 block of sunset lane , about a mile away from the second crime scene , where they discovered a woman suffering from stab wounds and lacerations to her neck . she was taken to a hospital in critical condition . johnny lopez was arrested a short time later on sunset lane after being spotted standing on the street covered in blood . the 36 year old allegedly put up a fight but was taken into custody after a brief struggle . in cold blood : a relative said little mia and her stepmother were likely killed as they slept u.s.able environment : mia 's granduncle said he had contacted child services to try and get the 5 year old out away from lopez , who is allegedly involved with drugs at around 9.16 pm , deputies got the call about shots fired inside a home on girard street and discovered the bodies of barrientos and little mia . the girl 's granduncle said that he was told by deputies that the woman and little girl were likely asleep when they were shot dead . john bustos told the station that the deadly incident may be related to drugs . the man added that mia 's death may have been prevented if only child services acted on his earlier report asking the agency to remove the girl from her parents home . johnny lopez has been charged with murder with malice , multiple homicides and attempted murder . he is being held without bail pending his arrangement , which is scheduled for thursday , myfox la reported . deputies said both incidents appear to be related . the surviving victim has not been named , but detectives believe that she and lopez may have been romantically involved .:==:johnny lopez , 36 , was arrested after being spotted covered in blood outside the hemet , california , home of his wounded girlfriend . deputies say he slashed woman 's throat and stabbed her after gunning down his wife , joanna barrientos , and daughter mia .

the website wikileaks has begun releasing what it says are 5 million e mails from the private intelligence company stratfor , starting with a company glossary that features unflattering descriptions of u.s. government agencies . in a statement released early monday in europe sunday evening et , the website promises a raft of juicy disclosures about stratfor , a texas based firm that promotes itself to corporate and government clients as a source of intelligence on international affairs . the company has been targeted by hackers who have released private data about subscribers in recent months , prompting the company to offer its clients a year of paid identity protection coverage . there was no immediate comment on the disclosures from stratfor , and the authenticity of the documents could not be independently confirmed sunday night . wikileaks , a website that facilitates the leaking of confidential information , says the documents will be released through a network of more than 25 news outlets and activist groups in the coming weeks . the first document out was titled the stratfor glossary of useful , baffling and strange intelligence terms , featuring brief and sometimes humorous definitions and blunt assessments of u.s. intelligence and law enforcement . others focused on speculation about the health of venezuelan president hugo chavez and who was behind a suspected campaign of sabotage against iran 's nuclear program . wikileaks has previously published hundreds of thousands of u.s. military and state department documents , including field reports from the iraq and afghanistan and embassy cables that feature the candid assessments of u.s. diplomats . a u.s. soldier , pfc . bradley manning , faces a court martial on charges that he leaked the documents to the website . wikileaks founder julian assange , meanwhile , is in britain battling an extradition request from prosecutors in sweden who want to question him about unrelated accusations of sexual assault . assange has not been charged with a crime and denies wrongdoing .:==:wikileaks begins releasing what it says is a cache of documents from stratfor . the private intelligence company has been targeted by hackers in recent months . the authenticity of the documents could not be immediately confirmed .

it is the tv series as famous for its sharp suits as it is for its slick storylines depicting life at a new york advertising agency in the sixties . but as fans prepare for the final instalment of mad men , one of the show s leading ladies has a shock confession : she hates the outfits . elisabeth moss , who plays secretary turned copywriter peggy olson in the acclaimed show , also said she would hate to turn back the clock to the sixties because its rampant sexism . confession : mad men 's elisabeth moss says she hates wearing panty hose and girdles from the era uncomfortable : mad men star elisabeth moss who plays secretary turned copywriter peggy olson said she would hate to turn back the clock to the sixties because of the rampant sexism asked to name her greatest dislike of the period , moss , 31 , said : panty hose and girdles and uncomfortable bras . the fabrics were just a bit too interesting – a lot of wool and polyester . and if we re done talking about how uncomfortable the clothes were , there was also rampant sexism . the sixties were a tough time for us ladies . there was perhaps a little more class to us at times , a little more mystery , which was nice . but other than that there s nothing i d like to go back to christina hendricks , who plays sultry joan harris , agreed that times had changed for better as far as women were concerned . i was raised by parents who are very modern and liberal , so if i had been put into that era i would be kicking and screaming she said . i think we women are in a far better place now . the final series of mad men starts its run on sky atlantic in the uk on april 16 – seven episodes will be screened this year and the final seven will be shown in 2015 . all the actors concede there will be a huge hole in their lives , but january jones , who plays betty francis , hopes the cast will stay in touch . we might start a book club and meet once a month , she said . just a children s book club though – we re too busy to read a full length adult book . mad men : peggy olson , left , played by elisabeth moss , don draper played by jon hamm and joan harris played by christina hendricks , right , who agreed that times had changed for better as far as women were concerned .:==:mad men star elisabeth moss said she disliked wearing the girdles and bras from the 1960 s . the star blasted the era for its rampant sexism towards women . fellow mad men actress christina hendricks agreed that times had changed for the better for women . the final series of the hit tv show will be shown on sky atlantic in the uk on april 16 .

in between their champagne swilling lunch and glitzy dinner reception , prime minister david cameron and his wife samantha took time to visit a centre in washington dc that helps with a because close to their hearts . they visited the national children s center yesterday , which provides services for children and adults with developmental disabilities . the centre was chosen for the camerons visit because of their interest in special needs support due to their experience of caring for son ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with a rare condition which gave him epilepsy and cerebral palsy.com passion : samantha and david cameron talk to lajoy law back facing camera as mr cameron holds her seven month old daughter abria during a visit to the national children 's center the camerons were clearly moved as they spoke with therapists and nursing staff about the help they offer to more than 500 children and young adults with a variety of disabilities . showing compassion and creating a perfect photo opportunity mr cameron cradled seven month old abria law , who was born three months prematurely , weighing just one pound six ounces . the couple spoke to mother lajoy law , while abria curled her tiny hand around samantha s finger . encouraging : samantha and david cameron , with physical therapist denise hagley , applaud as asahr jackson , who has cerebral palsy , sits briefly without assistance remembering : samantha and david 's son ivan cameron , who died in march 2009 the couple seemed impressed with the work of the centre as they were shown around by principal sheila maness and pre kindergarten teacher briana rogers . mrs cameron , wearing a maroon dress from victoria beckham s range , held the hand of two year old azahr jackson , who has cerebral palsy , and stroked his arm as he practiced sitting upright . she and mr cameron applauded warmly as he managed to sit up without assistance . the couple had just come from a glittering lunch hosted by vice president joe biden and secretary of state hillary clinton at the state department . they were joined by famous faces including vogue editor anna wintour and ex secretary of state colin powell . after the visit to the children s center , mr and mrs cameron headed back to the white house for a state dinner , attended by dignitaries and celebrities including george clooney , olympian denise lewis and warren buffett . mr cameron is finishing his trip to the states today with a stop in the new york city area . the prime minister is expected to meet newark mayor cory booker , before making a visit to the world trade center site and september 11 memorial . he ll then meet with students at new york university before heading back to britain this evening . good sport : david cameron gets another taste of america 's love of basketball , as he and wife samantha watch youngsters play at the national children 's center . he had watched a professional game the previous day with president barack obama in ohio joining in : david cameron appears to have forgotten it is basketball , not football , the children are playing back to the white house : after their visit to the children 's center , david and samantha cameron rejoined us president barack obama and first lady michelle at the white house for a state dinner .:==:memories of late son ivan as couples interrupt glitzy schedule for poignant visit to centre with a because close to their hearts .

more rules are being put into place to try and limit mischief during the black friday shopping hordes . the mall of america is implementing their parental guidance rule all day on the big shopping day , banning anyone under the age of 16 years old has to be accompanied by someone who is over 21 . the bloomington , minnesota mall is one of the most crowded places to be on the busiest shopping day of the year , and though they normally just use the rule on friday and saturday evenings , they are extending those hours this year to stem off trouble . to be filled : the mall of america gets more than 40 million visitors each year and they expect more than 200,000 people on black friday so they are trying to cut down on unattended minors on december 27 last year , the chaos of the crowds was coupled with a fight the involved a chair throwing melee , so this year mall administrators are looking to lessen any damage . we had never opened at midnight on black friday prior to last year , the mall 's vice president dan jasper told nbc 's today . we had 217,000 people that day , including some unaccompanied kids who are 14 , 15 . just for the safety of everyone , we expanded the policy . crazed bargain hunters started lining up black friday deals at commercial stores throughout the country as early as monday evening . adding to the mayhem : american idol winner phillip phillips will be performing at the mall on friday best buy shoppers in california have started pitching tents outside several store locations , more than 100 hours before the company s big holiday sale begins . shoppers in arizona are also getting an early start in line , equipped with soda , water , snacks , laptops and air mattresses . according to cbs san francisco , more and more retailers across the country will require big buyers to hand over their driver 's licenses so that the store can keep a record to place alongside your purchase history . in doing so , they will be able to keep tabs on who makes multiple returns after the busy shopping day . if an individual abuses the system , they may have their right to return unwanted goods taken away for future purchases . the flood of bargain hunters could mean an even bigger headache for holiday workers this year . retail employees recently began protesting the earlier shifts they were given this black friday as several chain stores have decided to open earlier than previous years . target , walmart , sears and toys r us are all opening their doors between 8 and 9 pm this thanksgiving , two to four hours earlier than last year . they are here : shoppers flood a best buy store in mesquite , texas that opened at midnight on november 25 2011 crazed consumers : shoppers vie for copies of video games at a black friday sale at a walmart store in mentor , ohio in 2011 that news led to the organization of a national black friday walkout among walmart workers and more than 40 petitions on change . org protesting this year 's thanksgiving shifts at several big chain retailers . adding to the mayhem of hundreds of thousands of people expected at the mall of america , they are following in the footsteps of other retailers who are doing what they can to draw the ready to spend crowds on friday . the star tribune reports that american idol winner phillip phillips will be performing inside the mall , which is the second largest in the country in terms of space throughout the entire united states . part of the problem was that the mall , which typically welcomes more than 40 million people per year , became a hotspot for teenagers to see and be seen , as opposed to simply going through their christmas shopping list . early shoppers : shoppers camp outside of a best buy store in miami , florida last year we experienced a large influx of youth , more than we had anticipated , spokesman bridget jewell told the pioneer press . we do not want it to turn into a place for people to come and hang out . administrators are hoping that the adult guidance policy is good on all fronts . aretailers love the policy . when we first implemented it , there were concerns that sales would drop . but sales increased following the implementation and remain strong . it encourages more families to come out with their kids and sales went up , jasper said . every single tenant was thrilled because they know it s a policy that keeps everyone safe and leads to increased sales .:==:busiest mall in the country cracking down on unattended teens . deal frenzied shoppers started lining up outside stores on monday . many shops will store driver 's license information to keep track of how often certain shoppers make returns after black friday .

there s a famous seaside place called blackpool , that s noted for fresh air and fun . the lines are more than 80 years old , yet still they fix the image of blackpool in the public mind . no matter that the town has fallen on desperately hard times , blackpool is fresh air and fun , candyfloss and kiss me quick . and football . a fine club , albeit sadly reduced , like the town whose name it bears , yet still the club of matthews , mortensen , gentle jimmy armfield . and now , karl oyston . blackpool supporters are calling for chairman karl oyston to resign after abusive text messages to fans oyston has issued an apology for any offence or distress caused by my text responses oyston is the chairman of blackpool , and among certain affluent circles up there on the fylde coast , he cuts a mighty figure . he has money , a robust sense of his own importance , and trenchant opinions , the most recent of which have been directed at a blackpool supporter named steve smith . now i suspect that mr smith is not an especially engaging individual , and the text messages he sent to the chairman may well have been provocative . but consider oyston s responses . are you sure we ve met ? asks oyston . i would have remembered such a massive retard . he calls him an intellectual cripple and tells him to enjoy the rest of your special needs day out . he adds : stop texting f , you shouldn t have ever started as you are one tiresome f that should spot trains not watch football . get a life and consider yourself banned from the stadium . there is more in similar vein , but you get the drift . blackpool president valeri belokon is unhappy with the running of the club and called for oyston to resign oyston 's insults revealed a lot about his character now we need not speculate about the kind of mind which could conjure up phrases like retard and cripple , or use special needs as a spiteful slur . such are oyston s poisonous views , and he is welcome to them . but those opinions carry a much wider significance than the trumpeting of a minor clown . for in his own town , he is seen as the face of his club . far more disturbingly , he is a member of the board of the football league , a body with considerable power and influence . in other words , at a time when football at large is making commendable efforts to improve its image and enhance its credibility , a man like karl oyston retains a voice in the governance of the national game . oyston s reaction to the publication of the texts was entirely predictable . he made a self serving apology — i regret stooping to the level of those threatening and abusing my family — and he announced he would be making a donation to blackpool s community trust , which works with organisations supporting disabled people . money solves everything , you see fill a few pockets and people forget . the calculation is as obvious as it is abhorrent . in fact , the oyston family have a great deal of money , much of it deriving from their association with blackpool fc blackpool fans gather outside the stadium to voice their displeasure at the situation at the club the most outrageous example was revealed in these pages by my colleague nick harris . following the club s sole season in the premier league in 201011 , owen oyston , the chairman s father and blackpool s majority shareholder , was paid £11 million . as harris pointed out , this was considerably more than the wage bill for the first team squad and manager combined . such grotesque largesse would have been unacceptable had blackpool enjoyed some success . in fact , they were relegated . the club emerged with some £40 m from that season , but miserably little was spent on improving the team . instead , players were allowed to leave in droves , while replacements were sought in the bargain basement . a week before the start of the current season , the club employed just eight fully fledged professional footballers . in that same week , i attended a friendly with burnley . the pre match announcer declared : the seasiders team will be : number one , trialist … number three , trialist … and so on later , when the substitutes started to arrive , they were identified as , respectively : number 15 , number 14 , numbers 13 and 16 , and finally , number 17 . it was like some dark pantomime , an extended practical joke . before a ball was kicked , the bookmakers declared them odds on favourites to be relegated . chris maguire scores the only goal of the game as sheffield wednesday beat blackpool on boxing day blackpool , under oyston 's guidance , are seven points adrift at the bottom of the championship the current championship table tells its own story . and all this has happened under the regime of the oystons the convicted rapist of a father and his odiously offensive son . yet i fancy they know that the game is up , that they have known it since tuesday evening , when their shirt sponsors wonga said of karl s texts : the comments were unacceptable , something we ll be making clear to the club . a lecture on morality from a legalised loan shark , there can be no more humiliating chastisement . the next moves are already taking shape . as custodian of the game s values , the football association are investigating with a view to taking the strongest measures available to them . given the nature of the offence , the football league will come under pressure to remove oyston junior from their board at the earliest opportunity . and after such shows of disapproval , the hope must be that a decent football club finds a way of ridding itself of its current owners . their departure will come not a moment too soon . for that seaside place of fresh air and fun deserves very much better than its obnoxious oystons . ps christmas brings out the eloquence in football managers , and 2014 proved a vintage year . thus the perceptive alan pardew reflected on newcastle conceding three goals at old trafford : we need to defend better than we did today . and the equally astute mark warburton , after brentford were battered by ipswich : you can t go three down to teams of that quality . but the public speaking prize goes to our old favourite stuart pearce , following forest s beating at middlesbrough . effortlessly combining two evergreen clichés , he mused : at this moment in time as a club , we re shooting ourselves in the foot . happy new year .:==:blackpool chairman karl oyston sent abusive text messages to a fan . oyston 's choice of insults revealed a lot about his true character . fans have continuously called for him to be removed from his position . blackpool are seven points adrift at the bottom of the championship .