in the man made world there is nothing like the vast , wizened majesty of an ancient tree . they are living links to the distant past whose very existence mocks the transience of our own mortality . american photographer beth moon has spent the past 14 years travelling the world in a quest to document the world 's biggest , rarest and oldest trees . most have only survived thanks to their isolation on remote mountainsides , private estates , or nature preserves , but just a few maintain a proud , though often precarious , existence in the midst of civilization . standing as the earth s largest and oldest living monuments , i believe these symbolic trees will take on a greater significance , especially at a time when our focus is directed at finding better ways to live with the environment , celebrating the wonders of nature that have survived throughout the centuries , she writes on her website . by feeling a larger sense of time , developing a relationship with the natural world , we carry that awareness with us as it becomes a part of who we are . bristlecone pine : this tree could be one of several particularly old specimens in the u.s . which are believed to be up to 5,000 years old croft chestnut : this ancient tree in the grounds of croft castle in the welsh marches is between 400 and 500 years old the sentinels of st edwards these yews framing the door of a church in stow on the wood , gloucestershire , inspired jrr tolkien wakehurst yews : these yews at kew 's country estate , wakehurst place , were a few years ago found to be more than 600 years old buffelsdrift baobab : this massive tree near lephalale , limpopo , is one of south africa 's five biggest baobab trees rilke 's bayon : this massive tree is growing from ruins in cambodia off to market : this picture shows women walking past the baobab trees of madagascar on their way shopping quiver trees at dusk : these south african trees , a type of aloe , are named for the practise of hollowing out their branches to make quivers kings canyon sequoias : the giant sequoia is the world 's most massive tree , and arguably the largest living organism on earth general sherman : this tree in california 's sequoia national park is by volume the largest known living single stem tree on earth the nantglyn pulpit yew : this yew , rumoured to be 5,000 years old , can be found outside st james parish church in nantglyn , denbighshire ifaty teapot : this particularly stout , almost bottle shaped baobab tree specimen grows near the west coast of madagascar .:==:beth moon spent 14 years travelling the world to collect the photos for this magnificent series . most of the trees she has photographed only survived thanks to their isolation from humankind . beth moon 's photographs appear in her book ancient trees : portraits of time , published by abbeville press .

the flagship obamacare website continued to spout error messages on monday , hobbling a new fix that the white house bragged would avoid system crashes caused by too much web traffic . frustrated with news reports about crashes , delays and other online failures , the obama administration 's tech surge team put in place an email driven queuing system similar to the overdraft feature available with some checking accounts . when the site 's traffic exceeds its capacity , subsequent users see a message asking for their email addresses . can t wait ? the message reads . leave your email with us , and we will send you a one time message when healthcare . gov is ready for you to return . this page , too , was prone to crash on monday , at the very moment white house press secretary jay carney was boasting about it to reporters . uh oh : while the federal government touts upgrades to the obamacare website , consumers are seeing a new raft of error messages even when they choose to enter a virtual waiting room for enrollment mailonline provided healthcare . gov with six different email addresses from six different locations in new york city and washington , d c in five cases , a new error message appeared . sorry , there was an error it read . please reload and try again later . the centers for medicare and medicaid services said monday during a conference call with reporters that the queueing system was put in place at 10:00 monday morning . during his daily press briefing on monday , carney cautioned reporters to draw a distinction between error messages and the queueing system – which he styled as a life saving feature , not a bug unto itself . americans , said fox news correspondent ed henry , are still getting the same error messages they got three weeks ago . not so , said carney . i think you are confusing error messages with the queueing message , which is quite a different thing entirely , he claimed . the queuing system , carney had said earlier in the briefing , is a feature designed to improve the user experience . white house press secretary jay carney insisted that the queueing feature a sort of overdraft protection for website registrations was a helpful new feature , but it crashed whiel he was praising its virtues he told reporters that through 12:00 noon , healthcare . gov had been visited 375,000 times since midnight monday . the centers for medicare and medicaid services has said that it hoped to have the capacity to serve as many as 800,000 visitors per day . only a fraction of those visitors are expected to create healthcare . gov accounts , apply for coverage , or actually purchase insurance policies . carney 's remarks , and the latest round of website failures , came on cyber monday , an unofficial shopping holiday when amazon.com expected to sell 27 million items to 13 million customers . he also reinforced the white house 's earlier promises , going back to early in 2010 , that president obama himself would sign up for affordable care act coverage . he will , carney confirmed . the move would be largely symbolic , however , since a private staff of military doctors cares for the obama family .:==:government programmers designed a queueing feature to help avoid system crashes , emailing users to return when traffic levels are lower . that new add on , too , crashed on monday while president obama 's chief spokesman was boasting that it would improve the user experience . between midnight and noon on monday , 375,000 people visited healthcare . gov – a fraction of whom actually purchased medical insurance . amazon.com expects to complete 13 million online sales on cyber monday .

a teacher who received one year in jail for having sex with her student had her sentence bumped to two years . married former houston english teacher kathryn murray , 31 , was jailed for an affair with student jimmy pallais , now 17 . her sentence had to be increased to bring it in line with sentencing rules . she was jailed for two years this week with no probation after officials released her original one year sentence fell below the minimum requirement for her plea deal . in disbelief : kathryn murray had a lock of shock on her face as she was led away by deputies following an increase in her sentencing during her trial , the court heard how their relationship began when when murray was assigned to help spanish speaking pallais after he was adopted from costa rica and brought to america by his parents at age 14 . the disgraced former educator pleaded guilty last month to one count of improper relations with a student and one count of sexual relations with a child . two other counts were dropped as part of the agreement , according to khou . the pair were separated after jimmy confessed to having a crush on her , but a relationship began after he kissed her in school . the pair had sex in murray 's classroom at memorial middle school several times , booked into a hotel and were finally caught in the family home by jimmy 's 12 year old brother . thoughts of suicide : jimmy pallais , now 17 , said he thought of killing himself to make the fallout with his affair with married kathryn murray , 31 , go away prior to her sentencing , former student lover jimmy told abc 's 2020 : that maybe if i about this . the show also revealed new details of the events leading up to the pair 's affair . as jimmy 's feelings for murray grew , he wrote her a letter confessing his love before tearing it up and giving it to murray to throw away . but she ended up reading it anyway and told him : i read you are letter . i really like you , like , for real . jimmy 's parents suspicions grew as he told them how pretty murray was at home and the pair were separated . jailed : kathryn murray smiles as she s jailed for a year last week for her relationship with jimmy pallais when he was 15 but the pair continued to chat online and the affair started when jimmy walked up to murray in her classroom and kissed her , before walking to his first class . when he saw her again , murray said she could kiss him again and the affair developed with a series of sexual liasions in her classroom and a hotel . they were discovered when jimmy 's little brother found them in bed together and jimmy 's parents found a text from murray reading : you know i love you . i do not know what we are going to do , but we are going to be happy together . i am worried about how obvious we are at school . i am miss you . his parents said : she robbed him of his childhood . i think it took his innocence away , because . that was his first time having sex . the inappropriate relationship began in february 2012 when murray , who is still married , was tutoring the spanish speaking eighth grader and the two went on to have repeated sexual encounters , according to khou . inappropriate relationship : former houston english teacher kathryn camille murray , 31 , was sentenced to one year in jail and one year in prison on tuesday for sleeping with a student multiple times on one occasion , murray picked up the teen from a school dance after his dad dropped him off and took him to a hotel where they had sex for two hours . the couple were caught the following night by the teen 's younger brother who found them in bed at the family home while their parents were away . murray was fired that month following the allegations but remained free on $50,000 bail . police discovered that the two had sex in a classroom at least twice and that prior to her arrest , murray had closed her bank account and planned to skip the border to mexico . at school : in the course of their investigation , police discovered that murray had sex with the 15 year old student she was tutoring at least two times in a classroom at memorial middle school despite being barred from seeing the teen by a judge , the affair continued . in january 2013 , murray was arrested again when she was found with the teen at her father 's home . when police showed up at the house , the teen , then 16 , tried to escape through the back door . she was charged with harboring a runaway and this time her bond was revoked . will not stop : murray 's affair with the boy continued even after she was arrested . police found the then 16 year old with murray at her father 's house and she was charged with harboring a minor murray attended memorial middle and high school and had been working in the spring branch isd for the previous three years as a language arts teacher . records say she is still married to her husband and they live at the same address in houston . to this day , the teen she had relations with insists that they are in love but his mother calls him a victim . we are not good , we are very hurt . my son is really confused , hurt . we working with him very closely but he s not good , not good at all , the mother said .:==:kathryn camille murray , 31 , was sentenced to two years in prison after first being sentenced to only one year , plus another year of probation . the couple were outed by the student 's younger brother , who found them in bed at the boy 's parents house while the adults were away . their affair continued even after murray 's arrest when the teen , then 16 , was found with her at her father 's house in january 2013 .

in a move that may ease — or exacerbate — spiraling tensions with israel over a potential iran nuclear deal , the white house has decided against snubbing america 's leading pro israel lobby and will send president barack obama 's national security adviser susan rice and you . n ambassador samantha power to the annual policy conference . the american israel public affairs committee announced thursday that rice and power would speak at its conference that begins this weekend , and the white house 's top spokesman confirmed their attendance at his daily briefing . the white house 's decision to name rice as one of its liaisons is a tacit acknowledgement of its support for remarks she made earlier this week claiming that house speaker john boehner and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu had injected a degree of partisanship into the relationship between the two countries when they planned a washington visit for the world leader without first notifying the obama administration . the white house has decided against snubbing america 's leading pro israel lobby and will send president barack obama 's national security adviser susan rice to speak to the group . the white house 's decision to name rice as one of its liaisons is a tacit acknowledgement of its support for remarks she made earlier this week claiming that house speaker john boehner and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu had injected a degree of partisanship into the relationship between the two countries rice , appearing on a pbs program when she made the assertion , said the move was wouldestructive to the fabric of the relationship between israel and the united states . asked about her comments on wednesday afternoon , a spokesman for the white house claimed rice 's comments were consistent with the administration 's past statements . rice , a top national security adviser to the president , was simply making the argument that areducing the u.s. israeli relationship to just a relationship between two political parties is destructive to a relationship between our two countries , the spokesman , eric schultz contended . the president himself has raised this concern . moments later , schultz said , so what we hope is that we will continue to see leadership in this country and in israel that will not allow the relationship between our two countries to be dragged down by party politics . for generations both countries have succeeded in not allowing this critically important international relationship to get buffeted by those kinds of political arguments that the president believes could be harmful to both countries national security , schultz said . rice , however , appeared to be engaging in the same kind of destructive behavior that the white house has said it is seeking to avoid . u.s. officials had floated the idea of sending a non cabinet level official to the event to show the administration 's deep displeasure with netanyahu over his speech to congress next week , in which he will argue against an iran deal but decided against and on thursday said it would offer up rice and power . in their as yet u.s.heduled appearances at the aipac conference that runs from sunday to tuesday , rice and power will stress the importance of the u.s. israel relationship and the administration 's commitment to israel 's security , according to american officials . but , they will also make the administration 's case for the ongoing negotiations with iran before an audience of more than 16,000 pro israel activists that is likely to be hostile to the talks and deeply concerned by growing animosity between obama and netanyahu and their top aides over the prime minister 's speech and his opposition to one of the president 's signature foreign policy goals . in a break with protocol , the invitation for netanyahu to speak was orchestrated by republican congressional leaders without input from the white house or state department , angering senior administration officials who believe it was politically motivated . netanyahu declined an invitation to meet privately with democratic members of congress and a number of democrats have said they will not attend the speech . no senior u.s. officials will meet netanyahu during his trip to washington . the administration has said the visit is too close to israel 's upcoming elections and it does not want to demonstrate any favoritism . both vice president joe biden and secretary of state john kerry will be out of the country for the visit is duration on travel that was organized only after the prime minister 's trip was announced . the white house is also sending you . n ambassador samantha power to the annual policy conference in an apparent effort to try to tamp down an increasingly vitriolic back and forth between the u.s. and its top mideast ally . but , it is not at all clear if it will have that effect the administration 's choice of rice and power to address the aipac conference , at which netanyahu will also speak , is an apparent effort to try to tamp down an increasingly vitriolic back and forth between the u.s. and its top mideast ally . but , it is not at all clear if it will have that effect . after rice 's remarks on charlie rose 's pbs program , kerry openly questioned netanyahu 's judgment in opposing a potential iran deal , recalling his support for the 2003 iraq war and prediction that it would bring stability to the middle east . he may have a judgment that just may not be correct here , the secretary told a congressional hearing . white house spokesman josh earnest said wednesday that sending cabinet members to speak at the annual policy conference was consistent with the administration 's participation in the past , other than the two times obama spoke himself , and that scheduling the speeches this close to the conference was not unusual . certainly if it is perceived by some as an effort to demonstrate bipartisan support for the relationship between the united states and israel , that would be great , he told reporters . at a capitol hill news conference on thursday , house speaker john boehner rejected rice 's criticism , arguing that a bad deal with iran would be counterproductive . the president 's national security adviser says that it is destructive for the prime minister of israel to address the united states congress next week . i could not disagree more , boehner told reporters . the american people , and both parties in congress , have always stood with israel . nothing and no one should get in the way of that . that is why it is so important for the american people to hear what prime minister netanyahu has to say about the grave threats that they are facing , boehner continued . so i am glad the prime minister is coming and i am glad that most of my colleagues , democrats and republicans , will be there to hear what he has to say . rep . nita lowey spoke to netanyahu earlier this month and suggested that he deliver his speech in the congressional auditorium behind closed doors , a venue that accommodates all lawmakers and would allow for any classified information that israel might have on iran 's capabilities , according to a senior house lawmaker . that alternative was also presented to israeli ambassador ron dermer in private meeting earlier this month with a half dozen jewish house democrats . so far , no changes to his speech have been made , however , and it scheduled to be broadcast to the public .:==:it has decided against snubbing america 's leading pro israel lobby . the president 's top national security adviser and you . n ambassador samantha power will give remarks . rice said earlier in the week that john boehner and netanyahu had injected a degree of partisanship into the u.s.and israeli relationship . netanyahu 's speech to congress she said is wouldestructive to the fabric of the relationship between the two countries . the white house 's decision to name rice as one of its liaisons is a tacit acknowledgement of its support for her remarks .

nasa says its messenger space probe crashed into mercury on thursday after running out of fuel , ending a nearly 11 year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos . mission controllers at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory in laurel , maryland , confirmed the probe slammed into the surface of mercury , as anticipated , at 3:26 pm edt , nasa told cnn in an email . nasa earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet 16 meters in diameter . the crash was not visible from earth because it occurred on the far side of mercury . messenger an acronym for mercury surface , space environment , geochemistry , and ranging was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6½ years before it started circling mercury on march 18 , 2011 . it was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun . it traveled about 5 billion miles a journey that included 15 trips around the sun . spacecraft to make death dive into mercury the spacecraft was healthy when it crashed , but was out of fuel . when scientists determined there was no way to save it , they held a briefing this month to celebrate the mission 's success . for the first time in history we now have real knowledge about the planet mercury that shows it to be a fascinating world as part of our diverse solar system , said john grunsfeld , associate administrator for the science mission directorate at nasa headquarters in washington . one of the mission 's big findings : it sent back data indicating that ice in mercury 's shadowed polar regions , if spread over an area the size of washington , would be more than two miles thick , nasa said . as the end neared , the probe sent back some final tweets thanking mission managers and counting down its final orbits . the messenger mission is over , but scientists say they will be busy for years studying data from the probe . and while the space probe will not be sending back anymore images , you can see mercury with your own eyes . it is visible in the night sky just before dusk until about the end of may .:==:nasa 's messenger probe smashes into mercury , ending mission . space probe hit the planet 's surface at 8,750 mph .

what really motivates us ? and what motivational techniques lead us to work smarter and live better ? those are questions that behavioral scientists around the world have been exploring for the past half century . their answers might surprise you . in laboratory experiments and field studies , a band of psychologists , sociologists and economists have found that many carrot and stick motivators the elements around which we build most of our businesses and many of our schools can be effective , but that they work in only a surprisingly narrow band of circumstances . for enduring motivation , the science shows , a different approach is more effective . this approach draws not on our biological drive or our reward and punishment drive , but on what we might think of as our third drive : our innate need to direct our own lives , to learn and create new things , and to do better by ourselves and our world . in particular , high performance especially for the complex , conceptual tasks we are increasingly doing on thejob depends far more on intrinsic motivators than on extrinsic ones . read more about daniel pink 's talk at tedglobal2009 with these conclusions in mind , here are a few ways to tap your third drive and enlist the science of motivation at work , with your children and in your personal life . work : try a fedex day the australian software company atlassian has an ingenious method for stoking innovation . once a quarter , on a thursday afternoon , they allow their developers to work on anything they want , any way they want and with whomever they want . the only requirement is that people have to show what they have created to the rest of the company at a fun and spirited meeting 24 hours later . atlassian calls these sessions fedex days because people have to deliver something overnight . these one day bursts of autonomy have produced an array of fixes for existing software and ideas for new products that might not have emerged otherwise . this is not management through carrots and sticks . it is innovation through autonomy . you can give this a whirl at your organization . set aside an entire day when employees can work on anything they choose , however they want , with whomever they would like . make sure they have the tools and resources they need . and impose just one rule : people must deliver something a new idea , a prototype of a product , a better internal process the following day . the results might amaze you . children : give your children an allowance and some chores but do not combine them in the peculiar world of human motivation , sometimes adding two positives can give you a negative . take the case of chores and allowances . both are good . chores show kids that families are built on mutual obligations and that all members need to help each other . allowances teach kids to be responsible for , and manage , their own money . but combining the two is a big mistake . by linking money to the completion of chores , parents turn an allowance into what i call an if then reward as in if you do this , then you get that . the science is very clear that if then rewards , while effective in some circumstances , can trigger an avalanche of unintended consequences . in this case , the carrot of payment sends kids a clear and clearly wrongheaded message : in the absence of cash , no self respecting child would willingly set the table , empty the garbage or make her own bed . it converts a moral andfamilial obligation into just another commercial transaction and teaches that the only reason to do a less than desirable task for your family is for payment . so keep allowance and chores separate , and you just might get that trash can emptied . even better , your kids will begin to learn the difference between principles and payoffs . personal : find your sentence clare booth luce , one of the first women to serve in congress , once said , a great man is a sentence . what she meant was that anybody who ever achieved anything of enduring significance was not running in 17 directions at once . those who leave left a lasting imprint not just on their country , but also on their families and communities are animated by a singular purpose . one of the best ways to find your purpose is to ask yourself a variation of luce 's question : what is my sentence ? when all is said and done , how to do you wanted to be remembered ? how will the world be different because of your presence on it ? your sentence need not be george washington esque in its scope . he led a revolution from tyranny and helped guide a young democracy . maybe it is she served every patient who came into her office whether or not that person could pay . maybe it is he taught two generations of children how to read . maybe it is she raised four children who are now happy and healthy adults . there are few better navigational tools than to find your north star of purpose . so ask yourself : what is my sentence ? you might find the answer motivating . the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of daniel pink .:==:our traditional idea of motivation is to reward good behavior with money , daniel pink says . he says research shows that carrot and stick motivators work only in limited circumstances . he says many people motivated by need to be creative , productive , independent . he says managers and parents can adopt better ways to motivate .

world famous physicist stephen hawking recently said the world as we know it could be obliterated instantaneously . basically , we would be here one minute and gone the next . do not you love physics ? when we speculate about catastrophes , we do not mess around . the physics underlying this speculation is related to the higgs particle , whose discovery was announced july 4 , 2012 , at the large hadron collider , the world 's largest particle accelerator , in geneva , switzerland . a leading physicist dubbed it the god particle a name i wish would disappear , as the particle and the laws of physics tell us nothing whatsoever about god , and god , if she exists , has not opined about the higgs particle . so , the simplified argument goes like something like this the higgs particle pervades space roughly uniformly , with a relatively high mass about 126 times that of the proton a basic building block of atoms . theoretical physicists noted even before the higgs discovery that its relatively high mass would mean lower energy states exist . just as gravity makes a ball roll downhill , to the lowest point , so the universe or any system tends toward its lowest energy state . if the present universe could one day transition to that lower energy state , then it is u.s.able now and the transition to a new state would destroy all the particles that exist today . this would happen spontaneously at one point in space and time and then expand throughout the universe at the speed of light . there would be no warning , because the fastest a warning signal could travel is also at the speed of light , so the disaster and the warning would arrive at the same time . we know spontaneous events do happen . the universe began in a rapid expansion called inflation that lasted only a tiny fraction of a second . we owe our existence to that sudden event . spontaneous change is something you might have seen in chemistry class . super cooled water will rapidly crystallize to ice if you drop a snowflake into it , just as a salt crystal will grow when added to a supersaturated salt solution . back to the universe . whether the existence of higgs boson means we are doomed depends on the mass of another fundamental particle , the top quark . it is the combination of the higgs and top quark masses that determine whether our universe is stable . experiments like those at the large hadron collider allow us to measure these masses . but you do not need to hold your breath waiting for the answer . the good news is that such an event is very unlikely and should not occur until the universe is many times its present age . probability is the key . many bad things are possible a large asteroid destroying the earth . getting hit by a bus . having space time gobbled up by instability in the higgs field . for an engaging discussion of the many ways humans can be done in by the cosmos , see the marvelous death from the skies by bad astronomer phil plait . are they likely ? humans have to prioritize by considering both outcome death or destruction and probability . rare events like the collision of a massive asteroid with the earth could destroy life as we know it and perhaps the planet itself . however , the chances of a sufficiently massive asteroid intersecting the earth in the vast emptiness of space is pretty low . collisions with much less massive asteroids are much more likely but much less destructive . so do not lose any sleep over possible danger from the higgs boson , even if the most famous physicist in the world likes to speculate about it you are far more likely to be hit by lightning than taken out by the higgs boson .:==:physicist stephen hawking said the god particle could destroy the universe . meg urry : the chance of this particle , known as higgs boson , obliterating us is tiny . she says such an event should not occur until the universe is many times its present age . urry : you are more likely to die from being hit by lightning than danger from higgs boson .

a young mother went to tragic desperate lengths to rid herself of the frustration of solo child care , killing first her son , then herself . kelli sly , 23 , of indianola , was angry with her ex husband for failing to show up for visitation , police said , and wanted more help looking after her son , gavin . she killed the toddler at their first avenue apartment , before driving her car into a bridge support underneath the iowa highway 5 bypass along iowa highway 28 . tragedy : kelli sly , 23 , went to tragic desperate lengths to rid herself of the frustration of solo child care , killing first her son gavin , 2 , then herself friends and family said she was suffering from depression and often appeared distraught . in the past she had been a victim of domestic abuse and was being threatened with eviction from her apartment . but during a police check up the day before her death she told offers she was not suicidal , just mad at her estranged husband , tim , who had failed to pick up gavin for visitation . officers went to her apartment after tim contacted them saying he was worried she might hurt herself , having made previous attempts to do so they left after sly told them she was fine , but by 8.30 the next morning both sly and gavin were dead in what police believe was a tragic murder suicide . her car was found with an empty child seat in it so officers went to her apartment , concerned for the child 's welfare . there they found gavin s slaughtered body . estranged : gavin 's father , tim sly , was separated from kelli but was still supposed to help with child care . it was he who rang police to alert officers to his ex wife 's fragile state of mind sgt . brian sher said evidence at the apartment , which was very neat and organized , led police to believe that she had killed her son . distraught : sly 's mother , sherri sinclair , said her daughter was suffering from depression there was an envelope left and it had several items in it , he said . there was no suicide letter . sly s mother , sherri sinclair of waukee , told kcci tv sunday that her daughter had been struggling with depression , but that she never thought it would end up this way . she added : it s still a shock , it is hard to understand what went wrong . she told me she was tired of feeling this way and she just did not think things were going to get better . she told me she felt like killing herself . i think she felt like things were never going to get better . she was a very angry and depressed , but also a very loving mother . i know she loved me too , but it was just hard for her to cope . in august 2011 sly had sought a protective order for relief from domestic abuse , according to court records . after a month she requested to have the order lifted but changed her mind five days later . on friday she made a second request . sly and her husband were allowed to be in electronic contact to discuss gavin and had not filed for divorce . the 23 year old waukee high school graduate worked at casey s convenience store before her death . a colleague , 18 year old melinda talbott said she had spoken with sly a couple of days ago and said she seemed distraught , but added that was not unusual . scene : officer 's were called to reports of a blazing car . they found kelli sly , 23 , dead inside desperate : kelli sly killed her son before taking her own life in a tragic murder suicide the young mom had found out friday that she was being evicted from her warren county community housing agency apartment in a week , talbott said . neighbour dianna nardini said she saw sly , her husband and gavin on saturday and that sly had appeared distant and preoccupied . i m shocked , i really am , because she was a really , really good mother , she added . it is not yet known exactly how baby gavin died . police are awaiting the results of an autopsy .:==:kelli sly was being threatened with eviction from her apartment . told her mom she could not cope and that she felt like killing herself . police found gavin 's body at her apartment after she was discovered dead in her car . it is not yet known how gavin died , as police wait for autopsy reports .

football clubs from the crimea region annexed by russia will play in the russian leagues this season . the russian football union says in a statement that clubs from the cities of simferopol , sevastopol and yalta will play in the second division south , a third tier russian league . time out : ukrainian servicemen play with a football near russian military vehicles at the belbek sevastopol international airport in the crimea region . teams from the crimea region will now play in the russian league since russia annexed the peninsula in february , it has registered five new clubs there . the sevastopol teams will use a stadium occupied by now defunct ukrainian premier league team fc sevastopol last season . ukrainian football federation spokesman pavel ternovoi told the associated press that russia had no right to administer football on what ukraine considers its territory , and called on fifa and uefa to take corresponding decisions in response . russian organisers of the 2018 world cup have said crimea could host teams training bases during the tournament.com ing up : russia will host the next fifa world cup in 2018 and crimea could host teams training bases .:==:crimea region recently annexed by russia . cities of simferopol , sevastopol and yalta will play in the second division south , a third tier russian league . ukraine football federation spokesman pavel ternovoi calls for fifa and uefa to take corresponding decisions in response . crimea could host training bases for teams at 2018 world cup in russia .

self driving cars designed by google will soon be a reality on the roads of nevada . state legislators have passed a bill that requires the nevada department of motor vehicles to draw up rules for driver less vehicles . assembly bill no 511 paves the way for google 's automated toyota priuses and audi tt to be operated legally in the silver state . driver less : google is one step closer to bringing its automated cars to the roads of nevada . state legislators have passed a bill that requires its department of motor vehicles to draw up rules for self driving vehicles the hybrid vehicles use laser range finders and video cameras to detect traffic , and detailed maps to find their way from point to point . drivers simply set their destination and the car calculates the route and drives itself there . the first amendment , which was passed last week , relates to an electric vehicle bill providing for the licensing and testing of autonomous vehicles . the second amendment , which has yet to be passed , is for an exemption that would permit sending a text message while behind the wheel . google had hired las vegas based lobbysit david goldwater to promote its proposed legislation . in april , mr goldwater told lawmakers that the self driving cars are safer than those driven by humans and are more fuel efficient . google ran into controversy last year after it emerged staff had been testing the driver less car on california 's roads . the vehicles logged more than 140,000 miles around the state almost all of them on auto pilot . while staff were in the car , their hands were not on the steering wheel . artificial intelligence : the cars have satellite equipment attached to the roof , which it uses to navigate detailed maps of its routes the specially adapted toyota priuses drove from google 's headquarters in mountain view , northern california , down the famously scenic pacific coast highway to santa monica . they also drove across the golden gate bridge and down san francisco 's lombard street , one of the steepest and curviest roads in the world . seven cars , which have funnel like cylinders on the roof that acts as the vehicle 's eye , have driven 1,000 miles at a time without any hands on human input , google said . their researchers claim the artificial intelligence technology could eventually halve the 1.2 million lives lost every year on roads around the world . the cars have a person in the driving seat ready to step in if there is a problem and a software engineer sits shotgun to take care of possible software hiccups . they keep to the speed limit because the maximum for every road is included in its database . so far , said google , the trips have been almost accident free . the only hitch came when another human driven car rear ended one of the pilotless priuses . our goal is to help prevent traffic accidents , free up people s time and reduce carbon emissions by fundamentally changing car use , sebastian thrun , the researcher in charge of the project , said in march . our automated cars use video cameras , radar sensors and a laser range finder to “see” other traffic , as well as detailed maps which we collect using manually driven vehicles to navigate the road ahead . mr thrun insisted the cars we are not a danger to other motorists . safety has been our first priority in this project . our cars are never unmanned . we always have a trained safety driver behind the wheel who can take over as easily as one disengages cruise control . and we also have a trained software operator in the passenger seat to monitor the software . any test begins by sending out a driver in a conventionally driven car to map the route and road conditions . by mapping features like lane markers and traffic signs , the software in the car becomes familiar with the environment and its characteristics in advance . and we ve briefed local police on our work .:==:nevada passed bill requiring rules for driver less vehicles to be drawn up .

when faced with a troublesome child , parents have traditionally turned to a toy or a dummy for help in restoring the peace . but , in a sign of the times , they are increasingly reaching for a rather more high tech solution . . a smartphone . more than one in four mothers admits to handing over a phone to a crying or bored tot when they need entertaining , research has found . smarty pants : smart mums give restless babies smartphone apps to play with and it is more common than shoving a dummy in their mouth or giving them a soft toy or even a bottle in these high tech times . a range of apps for youngsters , including games , puzzles and educational programmes , means smartphones are now a parent s best friend , said asda . the study found 27 per cent of mothers give their phones to their children to keep them entertained . and although 40 per cent of these restrict playtime to no longer than ten minutes , 10 per cent admitted leaving their children to play with their mobile for anything up to two hours . high tech tots : babies are shunning more traditional toys in favour of smartphone apps the poll of 1,650 mums found 25 per cent stick to a bottle of milk or other drink as the main way of keeping their child entertained . one in five 21 per cent resort to a favourite soft toy and only nine per cent use a dummy as a pacifier . mother of two louise pearson of bishop s stortford , herts , said : my phone is the boys favourite toy , sometimes the only way to keep them quiet is to hand it over . i have a range of apps on it for them to play with from puzzles and games to educational programmes . mothers in scotland are most likely to use their smartphone as a child s pacifier 40 per cent of mums north of the border do it , said asda . david fletcher , asda s mobile phone expert said : no longer are mobile phones just a device for keeping in touch . to see them also used as an electronic pacifier is no surprise with the large variety of games and entertainment now available to download for children .:==:ten per cent of these allow toddlers to play on phones for up to two hours . scottish mothers most likely to entertain babies with smartphones . only nine per cent of babies are given dummies by their parents .

it is one of life s little frustrations : you brace yourself with an umbrella on a stormy day , but the moment you step outside it blows inside out . now blustery conditions could become a breeze with the help of a storm proof umbrella . tapered at the back , rather like a cyclist s racing helmet , it is said to be able to withstand winds of up to 70 mph . asymmetrical : the unique tapered design is said to direct wind over and around the umbrella , and make the brolly easier to hold in blustery weather normal umbrellas are turned inside out by gusts of only 13 mph , tests show . the asymmetrical design is also easier to hold upright , helping its carriers appear unflappable on the stormiest of days . tests in a wind tunnel found that some women were unable to hold a normal umbrella in gale force winds , but they did not struggle with the senz design . meanwhile , the arm muscles of both men and women in the wind tunnel did a third less work when carrying the storm proof brolly , according to a dutch study published in the journal applied ergonomics . the senz umbrella , which is thought to be the only type of its kind , was dreamt up by a dutch industrial engineering student , gerwin hoogendoorn , after storms broke three of his brollies in a week . after running up the prototype on his grandmother s sewing machine , he formed a company with two university friends and now sells the umbrellas globally , with prices starting at £20 . the secret to their success is said to lie in the aerodynamic design which directs wind over and around the umbrellas , holding them in position . making a splash : dutch designer gerwin hoogendoorn claims the senz brolly will not turn inside out storm proof : the senz umbrella can withstand gusts of up to 70 mph , according to the designer unique : the dutch designed umbrella was tested in a wind tunnel .:==:asymmetrical umbrella can withstand gale force winds without turning inside out , according to its dutch designer . senz brolly features an aerodynamic design which directs wind over and around the umbrellas .

sex infections are soaring among the over 45 s because rising divorce rates mean more older people are having unprotected sex . cases of chlamydia and herpes have more than doubled in ten years , while syphilis – which was almost eradicated ten years ago – have risen fourfold . researchers say one in five adults receiving hiv treatment is at least 50 – twice as many in that age bracket as a decade ago , with a particular surge in the number of pensioners being diagnosed . sex infections are soaring among the over 45 s because rising divorce rates mean more older people are having unprotected sex they claim men who take viagra are especially vulnerable to hiv . the warnings come from doctors writing in the magazine student bmj , who say four out of five people aged 50 to 90 are sexually active . public health officials have grown increasingly concerned about the spread of sex infections among older people . doctors blame increasing separations among the age group and the subsequent search for new relationships , often through internet dating agencies . but many fail to heed safe sex messages to use condoms , believing they are aimed only at younger people . doctors say they are seeing increasing rates of hiv and sti infection in older people a survey last year found one in ten britons aged over 50 was happy to have a fling on holiday . research has also suggested older swingers are pushing up rates of sexually transmitted infections , with some of the highest rates among heterosexual couples who swap partners at organised parties and indulge in group sex . dr valerie delpech , head of the hiv department at the health protection agency , said : we are seeing increasing rates of hiv and sti infection in older people , perhaps in those coming out of long term relationships and entering into new partnerships . this is a reminder that we can all be at risk of an sti , including hiv , and anyone considering having sex with someone new should have a sexual health screen and use a condom , no matter what age they are . rachel von stimson , medical student at king s college london , and ranjababu kulasegaram , consultant genito urinary physician at st thomas hospital , london , found an increase in cases of all stis in britain , the u.s. and canada among those aged 45 to 64 in the last ten years . official figures for england from the hpa show the biggest rise of 337 per cent among over 45 s with syphilis , up from 98 cases in 2001 to 428 cases in 2010 . cases of chlamydia , the uk s most common sti , rose from 1,184 to 2,812 – a jump of 138 per cent . men who have been prescribed impotence drugs such as viagra are significantly more likely to be diagnosed with a sex infection in the first year of usage new cases of genital herpes rose 142 per cent from 1,349 to 3,259 , while first episodes of genital warts went up 62 per cent from 2,905 to 4,708 . there was a 14 per cent rise in gonorrhoea from 1,090 cases to 1,242 . older women may be more at risk , say the researchers , because physical changes after the menopause leave them more prone to infection . men who have been prescribed impotence drugs such as viagra are significantly more likely to be diagnosed with a sex infection in the first year of usage . the researchers want gps to take more responsibility for discussing safe sex with older patients . natika halil , of the fpa – formerly the family planning association , said : too many people in that age group coming out of long term relationships don t think safer sex applies to them . but the truth is stis will find you just as attractive whatever your age .:==:cases of chlamydia and herpes doubled in 10 years . one in five adults receiving hiv treatment is at least 50 .

this christmas , visitors to windsor castle will get a fascinating glimpse into the victorian royal family 's festive celebrations . from december 1 until january 12 2014 , traditional wreaths and garlands will adorn the castle precincts and some of windsor 's most famous and luxurious state apartments giving visitors an insight into how victoria and prince albert celebrated 161 years ago . although monarchs have celebrated christmas at windsor since the 12 th century , the couple were responsible for popularising the celebration in the form we know today . festive makeover : royal collection exhibition administrator roxy hackett applies the finishing touches to a festive table in the state dinning room now , that is a christmas tree royal collection exhibition conservator david westwood applies the finishing touches to a six metre nordman fir christmas tree in the st george 's hall the star of the show is a six metre nordman fir christmas tree , which will be erected in st george 's hall , while a decorative tree will be placed in the crimson drawing room , set against the spectacular gilded interiors of george iv 's private apartments . in the waterloo chamber , a grand table piled high with glittering silver gilt from the grand service will be laid ready for a seasonal feast . the service , which was commissioned by george iv , is still used to this day by the queen at state banquets . the highlight of the state dining room christmas display will be a silver gilt table centrepiece designed by prince albert in 18423 . just as it was : the state dinning room has been recreated to show how queen victoria , prince albert and their family in the mid 19 th century would have enjoyed christmas centrepiece : the highlight of the state dining room christmas display will be a silver gilt table centrepiece designed by prince albert in 18423 stop by : from december 1 until january 12 2014 , traditional wreaths and garlands will adorn the castle precincts and some of windsor 's most famous and luxurious state apartments the extravagant centrepiece is 80 cm high and adorned with sculptures of four of queen victoria and prince albert 's favourite pets : eos , the prince 's devoted greyhound , the dachshund waldman , and the highland terriers cairnach and islay . during christmas 1860 a visitor to windsor described the mighty sight of 50 turkeys being roasted in the great kitchen , a huge baron of beef a joint of beef consisting of the two sirloins joined at the backbone and a woodcock pie of 100 birds presented to the queen each christmas by the lord lieutenant of ireland . on december 7 , 14 and 21 and sunday 22 december , families are invited to join a storyteller in st george 's hall for a glimpse into royal christmases past and to hear tales of feasts and horse drawn sleigh rides in the castle grounds . great setting : the star of the show is a six metre nordman fir christmas tree decorated with dazzling baubles and lights ornaments : roxy hackett applies the finishing touches to a festive table in the state dinning room , which visitors can enjoy over the next two months .:==:state apartments decorated just as in victoria and prince albert 's era , 161 years ago . star of the show is a six metre nordman fir christmas tree . highlight of state dining room christmas is silver gilt table centrepiece designed by prince albert in 18423 . centrepiece adorned with sculptures of their beloved pets .

precocious amateur cici bellis says she is ready to take on the best of the pros serena williams . bellis , a 15 year old american who made a big splash at last year 's u.s. open , advanced friday to a potential third round match against williams by beating zarina diyas 62 , 61 . williams second round match friday night against monica niculescu was postponed until saturday because of rain . but bellis was already relishing the chance to take on the 19 time grand slam champion . catherine cici bellis of the united states , pictured at the us open this summer , advannced at the miami open on friday and may have a chance to go against serena williams it s going to be really fun , bellis said . i have nothing to lose , so i am just going to play my game and see what happens . sloane stephens won an all american match on the stadium court , converting five of six break point chances to beat no 17 madison keys 64 , 62 . it was the first meeting between the two fed cup teammates , and keys teared up near the end of her loss . i just kind of let the emotions get to me , the 20 year old keys said . it s like you are having a really terrible day , but my terrible day is in front of hundreds of people and then broadcast on tv that is not always fun . new opponent ? : cici bellis bellis is already relishing the chance to take on the 19 time grand slam champion serena williams after her recent win against zarina diyas no 2 seeded rafael nadal , showing no ill effects from an ankle injury suffered in practice monday , defeated fellow spaniard nicolas almagro 64 , 62 . i am well , nadal said . the day after , i had pain , but after two days i improved 50 percent . it is not limiting my movements . others advancing in the women 's draw included no 3 simona halep , the titlist last week at indian wells . she won 64 , 26 , 6 to 1 against wild card nicole vaidisova , a two time grand slam semifinalist mounting a comeback from two shoulder operations . two time champion andy murray beat american donald young 64 , 62 . other men 's winners included no 7 stan wawrinka , no 8 tomas berdych and no 25 bernard tomic . american sam querrey had 19 aces but lost to no 15 kevin anderson 6 to 7 , 7 to 6 , 64 . no 10 feliciano lopez was eliminated by dominic thiem , 7 to 6 , 46 , 63 . four time champion novak djokovic lost in doubles and plays his opening singles match saturday night . hopefully i can have another great week in miami , djokovic said . zarina diyas of kazakhstan shakes hands with catherine cici bellis of the united states at the us open last year and on friday at the miami open bellis beat diyas 62 , 6 to 1 some of my best tennis i have played here in these courts . two time champion victoria azarenka reached the third round by beating no 20 jelena jankovic 61 , 61 . azarenka faced 13 break points and saved them all . i stayed composed , azarenka said . i was very sure what i had to do , and i was really executing that . bellis became the youngest player to win a match at the u.s. open since 1996 when she u.s.t 12 th seeded dominika cibulkova last august . suddenly a celebrity , bellis then lost to diyas in the second round . she avenged that defeat friday with much less fanfare . this one i think i played a lot smarter , bellis said . oppents : zarina diyas of kazakhstan returns a shot against catherine cici bellis of the united statesduring their women 's singles second round match on day four of the 2014 us open last year at the u.s. open i was really like caught up in all the kind of hype that was going on but this one i was just really focused and played my game . i think i did what i needed to do to win really well . the californian has yet to turn pro , and the miami open is her biggest tournament since the u.s. open . she made the draw as a wild card and played friday on remote court 9 , but she will be on the stadium court sunday if she faces williams , who has won key biscayne a record seven times . intimidating ? bellis says no we are all in the same tournament , so we are all kind of at this level , she said . you cannot really think about who you are playing . it is just a ball that is coming back on the other side of the court . you just have to go out and not think about that stuff and just play your game . that is what i am planning to do .:==:cici bellis , a 15 year old american , advanced on friday to a potential third round match against serena williams by beating zarina diyas 62 , 61 . i have nothing to lose , so i am just going to play my game and see what happens , said of her potential match with serena williams . you cannot really think about who you are playing . it is just a ball that is coming back on the other side of the court , said bellis .

a travel company in north korea is looking to recruit english speakers to provide training for the country s tour guides . the project is being launched by juche travel services , and who are offering specialists the chance to spend four weeks teaching at pyongyang tourism college . the company say they are looking for foreigners with a tefl teaching english as a foreign language qualification , or english speakers with experience in tourism management . north korean travel company juche travel services are recruiting english speakers to provide training for the country s tour guides at pyongyang tourism college jts believes that the programme will be able to contribute positively to growing the country s tourism industry . the company want to take five volunteers on trips scheduled for may and november . the scheme will cost €1,000 euros or £765 $1,160 for each person , with the fee covering travel expenses and accommodation . jts says it is operating on a not for profit basis , with any excess funds to be spent on the tourism library at the college . north korea has begun investing in tourism , with masikryong ski resort and the city of wonsan becoming one of the communist state s most popular destinations . supreme leader kim jong un is keen to develop the tourism industry in the isolated country western interest in north korea has risen significantly over the past five years , with an estimated 6,000 tourists annually visiting the country through accredited travel agencies . the country has made it clear that it s looking to grow its tourism sector in the coming years , david thompson from jts told the guardian . to do so will require both international tourism expertise and foreign language skills . according to thompson , volunteers will face the same restrictions as other tourists in north korea . western interest in north korea has been on the rise since 2009 , with an estimated 6,000 tourists annually visiting the country through accredited travel agencies foreigners arriving to the country are usually closely monitored by the secret services , and are only allowed to interact only with specially selected members of north korean society . mr thompson said that he understood foreign visitors would not be able to wander freely in the country . uk student , ben griffin , one of the first to take part in the program , said he was surprised to find his students were just real people , with the same worries and interests as young men and women their age anywhere in the world . griffin added that he showed his class the british sitcom only fools and horses , and the movie adaptation of the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy , both of which went down well with the audience . it is a big advance for a country that has been accused of grave human rights abuses against its people . tourists visiting the sonjuk bridge in kaesong , a city in north korea 's north hwanghae province foreigners are often escorted around the country and closely monitored by security services . mr thompson stressed that jts maintains tourism has a positive impact on north korea and its relations with the outside world . by building bridges and engaging with the country , you are helping to break down mistrust and preconceptions that have persisted for the past 60 odd years . that can only be a good thing , he said . although mr griffin says he was not allowed freedom of movement around the country , he told the guardian that he did not feel uncomfortable with the situation .:==:juche travel services running four week training project in pyongyang . the company want to take five volunteers on trips in may and november . western tourists travelling to north korea now around 6,000 each year . jts believe project will contribute positively to country s tourism industry .

spain are one of my favourites to win the world cup , but i fear they ll suffer from fatigue . the players have been competing at the highest level in europe — to the end of the champions league , the europa league and the spanish league , which went to the wire with atletico madrid , barcelona and real madrid . the players are exhausted and repeating those performance levels against the best players in the world will not be easy . most of their build up has been about recuperation and repair . running out of steam ? spain 's players might be tired after a gruelling season for their club sides holland s coach louis van gaal has already stated his intent by declaring spain s quality is such that he will have to play with five across the back . spain will need a more concentrated effort to break through and guard against van gaal s counter attack plans . some critics have questioned whether spain are ageing , or on the wane , but i don t see that at all . my friend vicente del bosque has a squad that knows spain s system . it means that , even if xavi or andres iniesta grow tired , the likes of david silva or juan mata know exactly what is required . i have the feeling that silva , as he has already shown in manchester city s colours , could be key to opening up more than one tight defence . i see spain and brazil as the favourites , but it is difficult not to consider argentina , especially in south america . and , if they click , belgium — who have a lot of very talented players — will be the dark horses . statement of intent : holland boss louis van gaal will play five across the back to nullify spain .:==:spain 's players are exhausted after gruelling domestic seasons . holland boss louis van gaal will play five across the back to counter spain . if xavi or andres iniesta are tired , david silva or juan mata will come in brazil and argentina also among favourites and belgium are dark horses .

a vintage vinyl shop boss is suing his former girlfriend for allegedly not giving back his record collection when they split up david carbines , 32 , claims 43 year old cora spaans , failed to return his records including rare beatles and elvis lps after they broke up in 2012 . as well as being a couple , mr carbines and artist miss spaans , ran an art and rare record shop called abstracks , in worthing , sussex , before the split . bad break up : david carbines took ex girlfriend cora spaans to court accusing her of not giving back his record collection when they split as part of a messy break up , miss spaans last year made a legally binding promise at worthing county court not to damage or dispose of any of his things left behind in the flat they once shared . but mr carbines claims that despite attempts by his mother and himself to collect the valuable record collection , some 7,000 are still missing . among the vinyl lovingly gathered over 18 years and which he says are worth £17,500 , are a valuable early pressing of the beatles white album and a copy of elvis presley s eponymous debut lp , he says . in march , the music graduate tried to have miss spaans jailed for allegedly breaking her promise but a worthing county court judge believed her when she said she had no more of his property . as well as being a couple , mr carbines and artist miss spaans ran an art and rare record shop , called abstracks , in worthing , before the split mr carbines , whose record collection still numbers 6,000 , took his case to the court of appeal , where he said what he really now wanted was his records back , or cash to compensate him for losing them . he told mr justice coleridge that he knew exactly which of his records were missing because he bought them himself . record shop boss david carbines outside court where he accused his ex of keeping vinyl from his record collection although some were bought new for a few pounds others like the beatles and elvis records are much more valuable . they had been stored at the couple s flat but were not among those collected from there by his mum or from a garage by himself , he told the court . he produced for the judge a 70 page document , not seen by the county court judge in march , listing every one of the records he says is missing . included in it are the entire back catalogues of the spice girls , girls aloud and five . some are also signed by the artists . holding out some hope for mr carbines , mr justice coleridge said his case was not one for an appeal , but that his fresh evidence could justify a new case going to the county court . mr carbines is a serious collector of records and his whole collection he has itemised , from a z , in a lengthy schedule which runs to 70 pages , said the judge . it is a most impressive document and he says that , because he bought every one himself , he has been able to complete that from his own memory . not only is he seeking the return of the items , but he is seeking instead , where appropriate , compensation in lieu of the return of the items . i am satisfied , having seen the list , that there may be further evidence which , had the judge had it on march 5 , could have made a distinct difference to the result . david carbines ran record shop abstracks with cora spaans before they broke up mr carbines , a songwriter , also says a hard drive containing his self penned songs and the service history of his 1986 ford capri are missing . abstracks opened up in august 2011 , but was closed by the following september by which time his relationship with miss spaans had ended . she vehemently denies having any of mr carbine s property and was not present or represented at the appeal court hearing . sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons .:==:david carbines claims 43 year old cora spaans did not return his records . the 32 year old and his ex ran an art and rare record shop in worthing . mr carbines claims some 7,000 records are still missing . among the vinyl is a valuable early pressing of the beatles white album .

russia will not sign off on a proposed united nations resolution calling for a cease fire with georgia , russian ambassador vitaly churkin said monday . an ossetian woman cries on monday during a funeral in tskhinvali . russian ambassador vitaly churkin said the proposed you . n resolution , drafted by french officials , was lacking in a serious number of areas . i cannot see us accepting this french draft of this resolution , churkin told reporters late monday . we will look at the draft and try to bring it to a standard where it can play a role in this . russia 's rejection of the you . n resolution came on the eve of stepped up efforts by the international community to resolve the conflict . french president nicolas sarkozy was due to arrive in moscow tuesday for talks with russian president dmitry medvedev on the crisis . one of the issues churkin mentioned was that the draft resolution did not mention georgian aggression in south ossetia . russia argues that it is acting in response to a georgian attack on south ossetia , a breakaway georgian territory whose separatist government is backed by moscow . as one of five permanent members of the security council , russia could veto any resolution . the draft backed by the united states and the other european members of the you . n security council included calls for an immediate cease fire between russia and georgia , a complete withdrawal of russian and georgian forces and participation in mediation . in washington on monday , u.s. president george bush said russia 's attacks against georgia have substantially damaged russia 's standing in the world . bush also warned russia against trying to depose georgia 's government , saying evidence suggests russia may be preparing to do so russia must reverse the course it appears to be on and accept this peace agreement as a first step in resolving this conflict , bush said outside the white house . russia said its military operations are peacekeeping after a georgian attack on south ossetia , where moscow already had peacekeepers operating . georgia 's president , mikheil saakashvili , said monday he had signed an internationally brokered cease fire proposal that was to be taken next to moscow . saakashvili said the cease fire proposal would be taken to moscow on monday by the french minister bernard kouchner and finnish foreign minister alexander stubb . stubb said they had a proposal that included a forceful way forward to a cease fire and withdrawal plan . a georgian national security council official said the document signed by saakashvili called for an unconditional cease fire , a non use of force agreement , a withdrawal of russian troops from georgian territory , including the south ossetia region and provisions for international peacekeeping and mediation . u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice spoke by telephone monday with most of the foreign ministers belonging to the group of eight leading industrialized nations about the conflict . the g 8 consists of the u.s . britain , france , germany , italy , canada , japan and russia . russia , which officially joined the group in 1998 , was absent from monday 's discussions . the ministers reiterated their support for georgian sovereignty and called for a diplomatic solution , deputy state department spokesman robert wood told reporters . rice and the ministers voiced deep concern for growing civilian casualties and pressed russia to accept the cease fire proposal . watch russia blame georgia for the crisis the united states hoped the security council would pass a strong resolution that makes the point that these attacks have to stop , wood said . we want to see the russians stand down . watch george w bush condemn bombings the ministers with whom rice spoke endorsed mediation efforts led by kouchner , whose country holds the rotating presidency of the european union , and stubb , whose country holds the chair of the organization for security and cooperation in europe . russian prime minister vladimir putin on monday slammed the cynicism of western leaders who have expressed support for georgia in the conflict . the scale of cynicism is surprising and the skill to present white as black and black as white . the trick to present the aggressor as the victim of an aggression and to place the responsibly for the effects on the victims , putin said .:==:new : french president nicolas sarkozy due in moscow tuesday for talks . draft of you . n resolution for cease fire is lacking , russian diplomat says . georgian president signs internationally brokered cease fire proposal . moscow says its military operations are peacekeeping .

smart home technology sounds promising but the costs for individual devices soon add up indeed a recent study found that making the average home smart costs £1,509 $2,519 . but now canadian based piper has created an all in one security and home automation device that looks like a regular camera but syncs with an app that is used to control appliances . discreet : the small device pictured in black on table has a hd panoramic camera with 180° fisheye lens and zoom alongside humidity , temperature and motion detector sensors and because it works with an accessory called z wave plugs , the piper and piper nv night vision can turn even dumb gadgets , lights and more into smart devices . piper nv is on display at mobile world congress in barcelona . the small device has a hd panoramic camera with 180° fisheye lens and zoom alongside humidity , temperature and motion detector sensors . piper nv additionally has an infrared camera to make detecting intruders more accurate . once connected , users can remotely monitor the inside and outside of their house using the cameras . from the app , homeowners can turn on lights , turn on the heating , switch on the tv , play music and more because piper works with an accessory called z wave plugs , the piper and piper nv night vision can turn even dumb gadgets , lights and more into smart devices security : customise three security modes home , away and vacation motion detector and 105 decibel siren . automation : integrate z wave accessories into piper s security modes , control them remotely , on a schedule , or using environmental data . hd panoramic camera : 180° fisheye lens , electronic pan , tilt , and zoom , 1080 p camera sensor customised alerts : phone call , text message , email , and push notifications to users and their trusted circle when security rules are triggered environmental sensors : monitor and control home temperature , humidity , ambient light and sound hardware : arm processor , battery backup , internal memory for video storage , wi fi app : available on android and ios smartphones and tablets two way audio : talk directly to occupants through piper through its app on your mobile device . multi piper setup : supports up to five different pipers within a home bedside mode : featuring an active panic button , bedside mode let us users manually turn on a siren in case of an emergency if the cameras detect movement an alert will be sent to the homeowner , and an optional siren will sound at 105 decibels the device syncs with a free ios and android app and let us users set up three security modes home , away and vacation . once connected , users can remotely monitor the inside and outside of their house using the cameras . from the app , homeowners can turn on lights , turn on the heating , switch on the tv , play music and more . in fact , the app can control any smart device , or dumb device plugged into a z wave , so the possibilities are virtually endless and settings can be customised . for example , lights can be programmed to turn on at a set time . if the cameras detect movement an alert will be sent to the homeowner , and an optional siren will sound . this siren is 105 decibels equivalent to sitting in a front row of a rock concert . or if the homeowner doesn t want to sound the siren they can set up phone call , email or text alerts . alternatively , if a user is at home they can enable panic mode . the panic button sits permanently on their phone s lock screen and is pressed to activate . this sounds the siren to warn off burglars . the app can also be programmed with trusted circle contacts who are contacted in the case of emergency , or to check on the house if the homeowner is away and an alert is detected . the original piper , without night vision mode , costs €199 £145 while the latest piper nv is €299 £217 each . z wave plugs start at €59.95 £43 each .:==:piper nv is on display at mobile world congress in barcelona . it has a hd panoramic camera with180° fisheye lens and zoom . other sensors include humidity , temperature and motion detector . piper additionally has an infrared and night vision mode . syncs with a free ios and android app to control the home . panic mode runs on lock screen and sounds a siren when activated . works with z wave plugs to make any appliance smart . appliances are then controlled remotely using the app .

backing out : stanford quarterback josh nunes retired after suffering a complete tear of his right chest muscle the former starting quarterback at stanford university has ended his short football career following a gruesome injury he suffered while weightlifting . josh nunes retired yesterday after a complete tear of his right chest muscle , cutting short a collegiate career filled with dramatic highs and devastating injuries . nunes father , tim , told the associated press that his son ruptured his pectoralis major tendon while doing his normal bench press routine during an offseason workout in february . he dropped the weights on his chest though the tendon had already ruptured and had surgery a few days later to reattach it with screws . the tendon connects the pectoral muscle to the humerus bone in the arm . no further damage was caused by the falling weights other than some bumps and bruises . josh is expected to make a full recovery , but it will take time up to 12 months following surgery but he says it is not worth risking an even more serious injury he could suffer on the field in 2013 . the injury should not have happened and we are not sure why it happened , tim nunes said . it s not something that could have been prevented . wouldoctors told us it is rare for quarterbacks . just a freak accident . injury : these photos depict the pectoralis major tendon before , left , and after it is torn comeback kid : after returning to the field last year after he had ripped a ligament in his toe in 2011 , nunes beat out brett nottingham in an eight month quarterback competition anatomy : the pectoralis major tendon connects the pectoral muscle to the humerus bone in the arm nunes is finishing his bachelor 's degree in management science and engineering . he already has been accepted into the master 's program at stanford for social psychology . i do not think you have heard the last of him , his father said . to top it all off , the bizarre injury was not nunes first . scholar : nunes is finishing his management science and engineering degree , and has been accepted into stanford 's social psychology master 's program on the third practice of training camp in 2011 , nunes dropped back to pass and stepped on running back andrew stutz 's foot , tearing a ligament underneath his right big toe . he was in a boot through the first five games and had a steel plate that was completely rigid in his shoe when he returned to practice . he never played a down . returning to the field last year , nunes beat out brett nottingham in an eight month quarterback competition . however , he faced near impossible expectations last season succeeding record setting quarterback andrew luck , the no 1 overall draft pick selected by the indianapolis colts last april . nunes played spectacularly in the second half to u.s.t then no 2 southern california and rallied the cardinal from a two touchdown deficit for a 54 to 48 overtime win against arizona , but he struggled for long stretches in close losses at washington and notre dame , with the offense failing to score a touchdown each time . nunes completed 52.8 per cent of his passes and threw for 1,643 yards , 10 touchdowns and seven interceptions last season . this season , the junior was likely to be the backup of kevin hogan , whose role increased more and more in last season 's games . after nunes failed to move the offense on the first two possessions at pac 12 cellar dweller colorado , hogan came on in nunes relief and the never relented leading the cardinal 's remarkable run to a rose bowl victory over wisconsin . big cleats to fill : nunes faced high expectations last season when he succeeded record setting quarterback andrew luck , the no 1 overall draft pick selected by the indianapolis colts last april .:==:josh nunes suffered a rupture of his pectoralis major tendon as he was doing his normal bench press routine in february .

afghanistan and several african nations are the most at risk to have a food shortage , an organization that works with the united nations said in a report thursday . afghanistan was named as the country with the most vulnerable food supply , according to the study by maplecroft , a british based research agency . after afghanistan , african nations were on the rest of the top 10 list . in order , the next were the democratic republic of congo , burundi , eritrea , sudan , ethiopia , angola , liberia , chad and zimbabwe . in all , african nations were 36 of the top 50 on the list . sub saharan africa is particularly vulnerable to food insecurity because of the frequency of extreme weather events , high rates of poverty and failing infrastructures , the organization said . maplecroft said it worked with the you . n 's world food programme to develop the criteria to judge 163 countries . the group came up with 12 categories to help make evaluations . those categories included the nutritional and health status of populations , cereal production and imports , gross domestic product per capita , natural disasters , conflict and the effectiveness of government , the group said . the united states was ranked no 158 . finland got the best rank and was considered least at risk .:==:group works with the united nations . 36 african nations rank in the top 50 in peril , group says . finland gets the best rank , considered least at risk .

police interviewing gerry adams have new evidence from a convicted ira terrorist that may name the sinn fein president as the person who ordered the execution of jean mcconville , it was revealed today . a video interview of old bailey bomber delours price carried out shortly before her death last year is said to name members of the squad who abducted and murdered the mother of ten in 1972 . until today it was believed the only evidence in the hands of the police is the tapes from beyond the grave – explosive 2001 interviews with former ira terrorists revealing notorious crimes . damning : police have a video of old bailey bomber dolours price giving a secret interview on the execution of jean mcconville , where she may have named gerry adams , right in 1971 , as the man who ordered it interview : gerry adams remained in police custody here in co antrim , where he has been in custody since wednesday the audio interviews , recorded for a history project in the united states known as the boston college tapes were granted only under strict condition that they were not released until after the deaths of all concerned . but after a fierce legal battle , the secret interviews were passed to the police in northern ireland – and the bombshell revelations contained on the tapes are thought to be a key factor behind the dramatic arrest and questioning of gerry adams at a police station in antrim yesterday . they contain evidence about how jean mcconville was dragged screaming out of her west belfast home in front of her children by ira members who then executed her and buried her on a beach in 1972 . her body was found 31 years later but none of the 12 strong gang who abducted and killed her have ever been brought to justice . today it was reported the police service of northern ireland have a newer video with price , which goes into further detail into how mrs mcconville was taken from her home , driven into the republic of ireland and shot in the back of the head . dolours price was the first woman to become a member of an ira active service unit and the leader of the terror cell which bombed the old bailey in 1973 . price , who died last year , recounted how she was chosen to be part of a small select unit within the three battalions that made up the belfast brigade . the group of eight hand picked volunteers , labelled the unknowns , were responsible for special operations , including internal investigations to weed out informers . she told boston academics : the hardest thing i ever did was drive those people away , the disappeared . i never knew for sure their ultimate end , i was simply told by gerry adams to take the people away , a couple of lads or whatever . it was part of my job within the “unknowns” to take them across the border to hand them over to others . i don t even remember some of the names , isn t that terrible ? murdered : at least two high profile ira operatives have linked the sinn fein leader to the murder of jean mcconville , the mother of ten who was brutally abducted , executed and secretly buried in december 1972 price s interview continued : i drove away jean mcconville , a very , very unpleasant woman . i know i shouldn t speak ill of the dead and i don t think she deserved to die and , at the time , i didn t know she had children . i had a call one night and adams was in a house down the falls road and she d been arrested by cumann na mban a female wing of the ira women and held for a couple of days . she got into my car and as far as she was concerned she was being taken away by the legion of mary to a place of safety . it was unfortunate for her and it was unfortunate for me as well because she was a foul mouthed woman who cursed and swore a lot all the way down to the border . she went on and on about “them provies , they wouldn t have the balls to shoot me i don t care what i did”. i was saying to myself , “please don t say any more”, but she went on and on – she convicted herself out of her own mouth . it wasn t my decision to disappear her , thank god . you don t deserve to die if you are an unpleasant person , as she was , but you do deserve to die if you are an informer , i do believe that . particularly in a war , that is the republican way . removing her body : the mother of ten 's body is removed from an area near templetown beach in county louth researchers at boston college last year lost a supreme court challenge in the us when they tried to block the release of the 84 tapes after the psni launched a high profile legal challenge . so far , 11 have been handed over relating to the mcconville case . boston college said yesterday : we are not privy to the actions of british law enforcement and have had no involvement in the matter since the u.s. court issued the order to remand portions of the archived interviews last year . at least two high profile ira operatives have linked the sinn fein leader to the murder of jean mcconville , the mother of ten who was brutally abducted , executed and secretly buried in december 1972 . the former ira terrorists who claim they served alongside adams say he ordered the killing . they include two damning accounts – one of which was given by ex hunger striker brendan darkie hughes , a former deputy commander of the ira s belfast brigade . hughes , who died in 2008 , said mcconville was killed on adams orders . there was only one man who gave the order for that woman to be executed . . that man is now the head of sinn fein , he said . i did not give the order to execute that woman . he did . i knew she was being executed . i knew that . i didn t know she was going to be buried or disappeared as they called them now . the special squad was brought into the operation then called the unknowns , you know , when anyone needed to be taken away , they normally done it i had no control over this squad . gerry had control over this particular squad . former friends : gerry adams is pictured in long kesh prison with brendan darkie hughes , a former deputy commander of the ira 's belfast brigade . hughes said jean mcconville was killed on adams orders denial : adams has repeatedly denied involvement in mcconville 's death or the ira policy of the disappeared the wild card in any prosecutions could be a former ira man called ivor bell , 77 , who had a bitter split with adams in the mid 1980 s . bell s interviews , if accepted as admissible evidence , could be used against adams because bell is still alive . bell was charged in march with aiding and abetting in the murder of mcconville , which he denies . adams has repeated and categorically denied involvement in the death or the ira policy of the disappeared – men and women in northern ireland suspected of being informers of the british who were taken from the streets , questioned , shot and buried . but the tapes and subsequent interviews allege a very different story in a detailed series of claims which were yesterday being put to the 65 year old politician and architect of the good friday agreement . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .:==:police may have video of ira member naming killers of jean mcconville . old bailey bomber delours price gave secret interview before her death . first believed only evidence used to hold gerry adams was boston tapes . interviews not supposed to be released until after deaths of all concerned . but after a legal battle , secret tapes passed to police in northern ireland . ex ira terrorists who claim they served with adams say he ordered killing . but sinn fein leader has repeatedly denied any involvement in the murder .

show of force : a police officer armed with an assault rifle and a baton gun on the estate in luton with a heavily armed policeman guarding the playground , assault rifle at the ready , it could be the scene of a terror alert . in fact , this is a routine patrol just yards from a suburban primary school . the show of force is designed to calm residents of an estate plagued by gang shootings . in the past four months there have been nine gun related incidents in luton linked to the marsh farm and lewsey farm estates . in the latest , a 16 year old boy was shot in the back early on saturday morning . he may never walk again . the violence has left law abiding families so terrified they welcome the patrols , even if they risk scaring children . faye bell , 37 , a mother of two , said : the armed police might seem heavy handed to some people but to us they are hugely reassuring . it s very sad that it has come to this but we need the police to be armed so they can protect our kids . the officers , with a dog unit , have been patrolling the estate near the rundown purley shopping centre all week . marsh farm residents told the daily mail yesterday that the armed patrols had given them the confidence to go outside . shannon read , 17 , said : i don t really come out of my house at all so it s reassuring to know these patrols are here . i knew the lad who got shot on saturday so it has been even more terrifying recently . darren putney , 46 , added : some of the children on the way to school or in the play area look frightened . but the police need to make their presence known . the officers carry heckler and koch g36 c assault rifles with 5.56 mm calibre ammunition that can pierce body armour . a boy walks past an armed officer as police patrol the marsh farm estate after a spate of shootings they were introduced in response to the threat of a marauding terror attack , like the one in mumbai involving a gang of men with semi automatic rifles . the officer pictured also has a heckler and koch baton gun which fires less lethal plastic bullets . he is likely to have a hidden personal protection weapon such as a glock 17 pistol . parents in luton appear resigned to the patrols . lisa conway , 25 , a mother of three , said : a taser gun is not going to be enough when you are dealing with armed gangs . bedfordshire police have also invoked section 60 of the criminal justice and public order act 1994 , allowing them to stop and search without suspicion . patrol : armed police with a dog walk through the marsh farm estate in luton after a spate of shootings in the bedfordshire town reassurance : bedfordshire police say the patrols will be in place for the foreseeable future to ensure local people feel safe and to prevent further crime assistant chief constable andrew richer said : obviously we are concerned that there could be further incidents and we are doing everything we can do to prevent it a judge at luton crown court yesterday condemned the gang violence . kyle beckford , 22 , was sentenced to 24 years for killing delaney brown , 19 , by driving a stolen bmw at him last year . judge richard foster said : gang culture gives its members a sense of belonging , of self importance . there can be no excuse for the men of this town to live in this gang culture .:==:bedfordshire town suffers nine shootings in four month crime wave . police say armed patrols in place for foreseeable future to deter violence . officers with guns and dogs will also be increasing searches to find weapons .

guilty : wayne scott , who was employed by cleveland police , has been convicted of a string of sex crimes a former police officer has been convicted of a string of sex crimes including eight rapes and two serious sexual offences against a child . wayne scott , who was previously employed by cleveland police , was found guilty of the rape and attempted rape of a woman today after a five day trial . the 37 year old had already admitted raping a different woman seven times over a number of years , a court heard . now , scott 's colleagues are appealing for any more of his victims to come forward . detective superintendent peter mcphillips , of cleveland police , said : i am pleased with the outcome given today . wayne scott is a sexual predator who has been a disgrace to the office of constable and deserves to be behind bars . scott was arrested in august 2011 following on duty allegations , and subsequently suspended and dismissed . our objective since has been to discover whether his behaviour was more widespread and to protect the public from him . that objective has now been achieved . during the trial , newcastle crown court heard that scott had ripped off his victim s jeans and underwear before attempting to rape her . he had then raped her in his car in a subsequent attack . locked up : the 37 year old was found guilty of the rape and attempted rape of a woman today , after already admitting raping another victim seven times over a number of years . above , scott is pictured in custody scott had already confessed to two common assaults , one sexual assault and two counts of inciting a child to engage in sexual touching , the court heard . he had also referred to himself as sexed up” during a police interview and had made advances to some of his former colleagues . today , mr mcphillips paid tribute to the strength and courage of scott s victims as they had gone through the court process . the offences for which scott has been convicted of today occurred off duty but as a police officer he knew better than most the severity of his crimes , he said . he was a disgrace to his uniform and there can be no place for people like him in the police service . after the jury delivered its verdict , judge james goss qc said he would pass sentence on december 23 . scott has been remanded in custody until then .:==:wayne scott , 37 , was previously employed by cleveland police . he has been found guilty of the rape and attempted rape of a woman . he had already admitted raping another victim seven times , a court heard . scott has been remanded in custody until sentencing next month .

a speeding ferrari driver had to be taken to hospital after his £200,000 supercar crashed into the back of a bus . the motorist , believed to be in his 20 s , reportedly lost control of the ferrari california and hit four other vehicles before crashing into the bus which was carrying 50 passengers . police said the driver of the supercar , which can reach 062 mph in 3.9 seconds and has a top speed of 193 mph , and a motorist from another vehicle involved in the pile up were injured in the incident in ajman , in the uae . a ferrari driver had to be taken to hospital after his £200,000 supercar collided with the back of a bus in ajman , uae a spokesman for ajman police told newspaper 7 days in dubai : when we reached the area and saw the damaged ferrari , we could not believe that the driver survived . we transferred them to khalifa hospital for treatment . according to reports , police have said the accident occurred after the motorist had been travelling at more than 100 kph in a built up area of ajman . police said the two men were taken to hospital where they are now said to be recovering . the motorist , believed to be in his 20 s , reportedly lost control of the ferrari california and hit four other vehicles before crashing into the bus which was carrying 50 passengers the ferrari california can reach 062 mph in 3.9 seconds and has a top speed of 193 mph file picture major saif al felasi , the head of the traffic department and patrols at ajman police , told newspaper 7 days in dubai : motorists should be more careful while driving and use their seatbelts , accidents can happen in a second . officers were forced to divert traffic from the scene following the accident while on looking motorists caused a backlog of traffic . a police investigation has now been launched into the incident .:==:motorist reportedly lost control of car and collided with the back of a bus . police have said the driver was travelling at more than 100 kph in ajman . driver and another motorist were taken to hospital where they are now said to be recovering .

a number of travelling chelsea supporters were teargassed by french police outside the parc des princes before and after kick off on tuesday night . a section of the away support are understood to have been kettled and teargassed outside a bar in the city centre , as well as around 200 supporters who , 10 minutes after the start , were still trying to get into the stadium . the scenes in the french capital will mar a closely fought champions league last 16 first leg contest that ended as a 1 to 1 draw between paris saint germain and chelsea . a number of chelsea 's travelling fans were teargassed by french police in paris before their clash vs psg chelsea fans let off a flare inside the parc des princes during the last 16 first leg encounter on tuesday night branislav ivanovic slides on his knees after scoring the opening goal of the last 16 champions league clash psg goalkeeper salvatore sirigu was unable to stop ivanovic 's header from hitting the back of the net paris saint germain 's edinson cavani celebrates after cancelling out ivanovic 's first half opener blues goalkeeper thibaut courtois looks on as cavani 's header beats him in the second half branislav ivanovic put the english side ahead with a header in the first half , before psg frontman edison cavani equalised for the hosts in the second half . the u.s.voury incident involving the french police and travelling chelsea fans is the second time this season that english away fans have clashed with officials from across the channel . in october , many everton fans were left shaken in lille as policed used tear gas to break up clashes with rival supporters ahead of their europa league tie . reports of pepper spray being used was also documented and one everton fan was taken to hospital with a heavy bloodied gash above his left eye , after being hit by a cs gas canister fired by police . that alleged attack was the second in as many days in northern france after a group of around 50 locals stormed a bar full of everton supporters on the previous night . a collection of travelling everton fans chant ahead of their side 's europa league clash with lille in october the city 's riot place charge through the square while hundreds of supporters watch on .:==:chelsea drew 1 to 1 away at paris saint germain in the champions league . a section of chelsea 's support were kettled and teargassed outside a bar . everton fans were teargassed by french police in lille last october . read : chelsea fans shamefully refuse to let black man on paris metro . click here for all the latest chelsea news .

progressive catholic groups vented outrage friday over the decision of a roman catholic school in massachusetts to rescind the admission of an 8 year old student because his parents are lesbians . the idea that a child might be punished because he does not live with his two biologic parents is antithetical to notions of christian charity and catholic social justice , said patrick whelan , president of catholic democrats , in a statement friday . other liberal catholic and gay groups issued similar statements friday , responding to news reports this week that a child accepted to st paul elementary school in hingham , massachusetts , for the fall was told he could not enroll after the school learned that his parents are gay . in addition to pressuring the massachusetts school to reverse its decision and accept the student , progressive catholic activists are attempting to do something much more dramatic : get the archdiocese of boston , which includes the hingham school , to set a precedent for how the american church treats students with gay parents . in march , the archdiocese of denver , colorado , supported a decision by a catholic school in boulder to block two students with gay parents from re enrolling . while the denver archbishop who backed that decision , charles j chaput , may be the most outspokenly conservative bishop in the nation , progressive catholics think they can get more moderate boston cardinal sean o malley to speak against catholic schools rejecting students over their parents sexual orientation . i am very disappointed in chaput 's actions , but he has a history of politicizing issues , said chris korzen , executive director of the progressive catholics united , which has asked o malley to intervene in the hingham case and to allow the child to attend st paul . cardinal o malley understands that there is a place to assert church teachings but that it does not make sense to discriminate against a child because of his parents background , korzen said . korzen and other left leaning catholics said they were concerned that the hingham school was following the example of the denver archdiocese in the boulder case . while the relationship between the events in boulder and hingham not known , catholic democrats is concerned that a narrative will develop that legitimizes the exclusion of children of same sex parents from catholic schools , the group catholic democrats , which is based in boston , said friday . conservative catholic groups , meanwhile , have been mostly silent on the matter . i do not really have a strong opinion on this one , said deal hudson , a prominent conservative catholic activist , in an e mail on friday . it is a matter of the individual bishop 's discretion . o malley has not publicly weighed in on the case , but the boston archdiocese said thursday that the hingham school was not acting in compliance with archdiocesan policy . the archdiocese does not prohibit children of same sex parents from attending catholic schools , said mary grassa o neill , the archdiocese 's secretary for education and superintendent of catholic schools . we will work in the coming weeks to develop a policy to eliminate any misunderstandings in the future . o neill said that the boston archdiocese met with one of the child 's parents on thursday and that it has offered to help enroll him in another catholic school in the archdiocese . the parents of the st paul student have insisted on anonymity for them and their son in press reports of the situation . the catholic schools foundation , a boston based group whose board is chaired by o malley , said thursday that it would not support schools that discriminated against students based on their parents sexual orientation .` o school that promotes an exclusionary admissions policy or practice will be considered for support , said the foundation 's executive director , michael reardon , in a thursday letter to school administrators . we believe a policy or practice that denies admissions to students in such a manner as occurred at st paul 's is at odds with our values as a foundation , the intentions of our donors , and ultimately with gospel teaching . calls to st paul elementary school and church on friday night were not returned .:==:massachusetts school rescinds admission of student because parents are lesbians . denver catholic school recently made similar decision . progressive catholic groups say they have better chance with fight in boston .

elegant in a crimson coat and a matching tartan scarf , the duchess of cornwall was every inch the royal style icon as she welcomed hms astute back to port . the royal navy submarine has just completed its first tour of duty and has spent the last eight months patrolling the mediterranean and the suez canal . camilla , 67 , who last week joined the prince of wales at the funeral of their friend , the dowager duchess of devonshire , was greeted by astute 's commanding officer , gareth jenkins , as she arrived at hm naval base clyde . welcome on board camilla is greeted by commanding officer gareth jenkins at hm naval base clyde all smiles : camilla , who is astute 's lady sponsor , was all smiles as she toured the submarine once there , the duchess , who is known by her rothesay title while in scotland , was given a tour of the base , before being invited to board astute . described by the ministry of defence as being more complex than a space shuttle , astute is the first of the advanced astute class submarines to go into service . despite early teething problems , including an incident in which the £1 bn boat ran aground on rocks off the isle of skye during sea trials , the submarine is one of the deadliest ever built . carried on board the nuclear powered astute are 38 spearfish heavy torpedoes and tomahawk block iv cruise missiles , the latter with the capacity to hit targets with 450 kg of high explosive from 1,240 miles away . the duchess , who holds the honorary title of lady sponsor of hms astute , has long been associated with the vessel and officially launched it in 2007 . camilla was also present for astute 's commissioning ceremony in 2010 , when the submarine was officially given her hms prefix and welcomed into the royal navy . the vessel was finally declared fully operational in may , three months after leaving the uk on her maiden voyage . ambush , the first of astute 's sister ships , is also complete and scheduled to begin her maiden deployment before the end of 2014 . although she does , like astute , have a formidable number of military uses , ambush has no royal sponsor , but is affiliated with the city of derby . astute 's home port , hm naval base clyde , is also home to the uk 's nuclear deterrent trident and will also become the base for the remaining astute class submarines , artful , audacious , anson , agamemnon and ajax . maiden deployment : astute has been patrolling the mediterranean and the suez canal since february advanced : astute is one of the most technologically advanced submarines ever built in britain powerful : the vessel carries tomahawk block iv missiles which can be fired from 1,250 miles distant like hm naval base clyde , the duchess is set for a busy few weeks , after it was announced that she and prince charles will embark on a tour of mexico and colombia at the end of october . during the visit , the royal couple will join president santos of colombia for a ceremony in capital bogotá to remember the estimated 200,000 victims of the drug fuelled war that has plagued the country in recent decades . in mexico , the pair will travel to four different cities , including real del monte , a town that has close links with cornwall and a taste for pasties as a result .:==:the duchess of cornwall was in clyde to welcome hms astute home . camilla , 67 , was every inch the royal style icon in a pretty crimson coat . astute , the navy 's newest submarine , has just completed her first voyage . the high tech vessel has the capacity to hit targets from 1,250 miles away .

a new york photographer built an elaborate indoor set on a brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on valentine 's day . justin bettman caught the media 's attention a few months ago when he began his set in the street project . bettman , sometimes with the help of designer gozde eker , would build sets that , in pictures , looked like the inside of a living room , child 's bedroom , or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by new york photographer justin bettman although it looks like a dining room , the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , where the couple had their first date but zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that bettman was actually building these sets right on the street , using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage . bettman 's work caught the attention of jose luis , who saw a feature on the photographer in new york magazine and sent him an email with an idea , according topetapixel . i am planning to propose to my girlfriend , and i was wondering if there is a way for you to help me do it , he wrote . as you can understand , i am not the richest man in the world . i am simply in love . bettman said after he read the email there wasn t even a question on whether he would say yes . of course i was going to build a set for this guy to propose on , he said in a video chronicling the proposal . bettman told daily mail online that luis girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot before luis got down on one knee and popped the question the set was built on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , the very spot where luis and his girlfriend had their first date . bettman and his crew began building the dining room on the snow covered ground at 4 am , using furniture they had found on craigslist , friends apartments and right off the sidewalk . meanwhile , luis told his girlfriend that he had submitted them for a casting to be in a photo shoot by a random photographer he found on craigslist . after luis revealed to his girlfriend they had been chosen for the shoot , they arrived on the set and bettman pretended he had never met either of them , the photographer told daily mail online . bettman and his crew began building the dining room on the snow covered ground at 4 am , using furniture they had found on craigslist , friends apartments and right off the sidewalk bettman caught the media 's attention when he began his set in the street project in december 2014 bettman than directed the couple through a regular photoshoot , before asking luis if he wanted to try any poses that the photographer had not asked for yet . that is when luis popped the question . it was pretty surreal to see him get down on one knee and ask her , bettman told daily mail online . it was emotional for everyone my makeup artist started crying . after the excited girlfriend said yes , bettman left the set standing , as he does with all his creations . bettman posted a sign that invited passerbys to pose and take pictures with the set and share their photos on instagram under the hashtag setinthestreet , so that people could see how it transformed with both time and different personalities . the photographer now leaves his sets after he finishes his photo shoots , inviting passerbys to take photographs and add their own spin to the backdrops the proposal project was especially special to bettman , who told daily mail online it was surreal to watch .:==:justin bettman began the popular set in the street project in december . caught the attention of jose luis , who asked for his help . luis told his girlfriend that they had been cast in a photo shoot . when bettman asked during the shoot if luis wanted to try any more poses , he dropped on one knee and popped the question . bettman told daily mail online the scene made his makeup artist cry .

he has found the back of the net for tottenham on 29 occasions this season , but one goal in particular stands out for england 's newest hero harry kane . it arrived on february 7 and proved to be the winner , 86 minutes into a fiercely contested north london derby with local rivals arsenal . it was kane 's 22 nd strike of a remarkable season and one he will not be forgetting in a hurry . tottenham striker harry kane will make his first start for england in a friendly against italy on tuesday kane counts this header against arsenal in february as the best goal he has scored during his career harry kane was speaking to match magazine asked what the best goal he has ever scored is in an interview with match magazine , kane said : it ll have to be the header against arsenal , mainly because of the importance of it a good goal is where you score it as much as how you score it that was a big moment in the game and it was my first north london derby . the spurs striker will make his first start for the three lions on tuesday night when he lines up alongside wayne rooney for a friendly against italy in turin . kane scored just 79 seconds into his debut against lithuania last friday as england continued their charge towards euro 2016 with a comfortable 4 to 0 win . as well as targeting a place in roy hodgson 's squad for the tournament in france next summer , kane also hopes to represent his country on the biggest stage of all . asked whether he dreams of playing at the 2018 world cup , he added : yeah , of course . as a kid , you grow up wanting to play for your country in the major tournaments . it s definitely something i aspire to do hopefully i keep improving and when the time comes , hopefully i can play in one . kane heads home his first international goal just 79 seconds into his england debut against lithuania kane admits that he is dreaming about playing for england at the 2018 world cup in russia kane has won plaudits for his work rate this season but he insists that working hard for club and country just comes naturally to him . questioned about why other strikers do not appear to put as much effort in as him , kane said : ha , ha that is quite a compliment i think other strikers do , but it is in my personality to work as hard as i can for the team . you will have to ask other strikers why they do not work so hard . harry kane spoke to match magazine at a playstation schools cup event in london . match is on sale every tuesday .:==:harry kane scored twice as tottenham beat arsenal 2 to 1 in february . he counts his 86 th minute header as the best goal he has ever scored . kane hopes to represent england at the 2018 world cup in russia . the tottenham striker insists that working hard is part of his personality .

the australian bride charged with adultery and bigamy offences while visiting her boyfriend in lebanon has tearfully told of how she was scared her new man would leave her . he risked his whole life for me , sydney mother mahassen issa told channel seven 's sunday night program , in an interview to air at the weekend . i was honestly scared that he would , because anyone would run i would if i was in a predicament like that and i was going to jail i would run . he did not . i never left him and he did not leave me s distressing time : ms issa spent around two months on the run from lebanese authorities . she has sat down for an interview with the seven network 's sunday night program dressed in white and wielding a bouquet of roses , ms issa entered a commitment ceremony with her new partner , mohammed awick . the pictures , posted online , would lead to her being accused of bigamy in love : sunday night reporter steve pennells told daily mail australia ms issa and mr awick have a very real relationship while there were conflicting reports over whether ms issa was charged with bigamy and adultery charges , mr pennells said she faced both having separated from her husband , bassam abou lokmeh , ms issa travelled to lebanon on june 20 and met her new partner , mohammed awick . mr lokmeh saw pictures of ms issa and mr awick allegedly marrying in early july and alerted authorities , beginning a months long hunt for ms issa . but ms issa told sunday night the pictures were actually of a commitment ceremony , rather than a wedding . reporter steve pennells , who travelled with ms issa during her time on the run , said she was desperate and at risk of areal danger while in lebanon . at times , she was frantic , scared and demoralised , verging on hysterical she was pushed to the edge , mr pennells said . dark times : while stuck in lebanon , ms issa heard rumours her home had been rented out without her consent when ms issa , pictured here with partner mohammed awick , travelled to lebanon in june she only expected to stay for two weeks ms issa was disowned by her family while she was marooned in lebanon ms issa , who was only meant to stay in lebanon for two weeks , was unable to see or talk to her two children , both under the age of 10 . she had no money , mr pennells said , and even heard reports her house had been rented out without her consent and possessions taken or sold . in july , husband mr lokmeh told daily mail australia his wife was a devil . this lady , she is a devil . he expressed outrage that his wife had married another man before their divorce was finalised and had wouldeserted our children . relatives said they had disowned her , with one telling daily mail australia ms issa was crying so sympathetic australians would come to her aid . we tried to put a stop to it but she decided to proceed with her marriage in lebanon . now it has backfired on her . she s not going to jail because of adultery , she is going to jail because she got married while she was still married . that s illegal everywhere , not just in lebanon . all she is doing is crying out for australia to help her . ms issa resurfaced in australia in earlier this month . it remains unclear how she returned as her passport was flagged by the lebanese government following the charges . ms issa applied to bring an apprehended violence order against mr lokmeh at bankstown local court on october 9 , but her application was dismissed . sunday night marketing material said ms issa experienced the biggest , most shocking , unexpected twist of all when she returned to australia . at the heart of ms issa 's saga , mr pennells said , was a very , very messy break up story . watch the full story , trapped in love , on sunday night on channel 7 at 8 pm aedt .:==:mahassen issa was on the run in lebanon for two months . she was charged with adultery and bigamy offences . now ms issa has told how she was scared her new man would leave her . he risked his whole life for me , she said .