thousands of mourners today gathered to say farewell to the three young students gunned down near the university of north carolina . deah shaddy barakat , 23 , his new wife yusor mohammad , 21 , and her sister razan mohammad abu salha , 19 , were allegedly shot execution style by a neighbor at the couple 's apartment in chapel hill on tuesday afternoon . on thursday , mourners embraced each other as they gathered on athletic fields across from the islamic association of raleigh , one of the city 's largest mosques . funeral services had been planned at the mosque , where the families have been longtime members , but were moved to the fields after crowds of 5,000 were expected . the fields are owned by north carolina state university , from where two of the victims had graduated and one was a student . saying goodbye : the remains of 21 year old deah shaddy barakat are carried by loved ones from the islamic association of raleigh to a mass service in a soccer field in north carolina on thursday afternoon side by side : mohammad abu salha 2 nd left , the father of victims yusor abu salha and razan mohammad abu salha , stands beside namee barakat , the father of yusor 's husband , deah shaddy brakat , at the start of the service heartbroken : dr abu salha speaks with other mourners at the islamic association of raleigh before the funeral on thursday devastated : namee barakat , deah 's father , is propped up by loved ones as he walks from the mosque and prepares to say goodbye friends and family paid tribute to the trio at a candle lit vigil on wednesday , and earlier on thursday , relatives viewed the victims bodies in a small building apart from the mosque . the service began after midday muslim prayers . a man facing east sang an opening prayer . mohammad abu salha , the father of yusor and razan , walked to the field with deah 's sobbing father , namee barakat , before delivering the funeral prayer . as dr abu salha addressed the crowd , he asked for a federal investigation into the shooting . i call upon the president of the united states , barack obama . please involve the fbi . please investigate , he pleaded . this has hate crime written all over it he went on : we re not sad . we have peace inside . we are not seeking petty revenge . our children are much more valuable than any revenge . we care about acknowledging this the way it is at the service 's conclusion , about a dozen people carried each of the three caskets away to hearses , which headed to the islamic association of raleigh 's muslim cemetery in wendell , where they will be buried . courageous : mohammad abu salha , who has branded the deaths a hate crime , addresses the crowds during the service prayers : people pray during the funeral service in a soccer field near the islamic association of raleigh sadness : abu salha , who lost his two daughters in the tragedy , says the funeral prayer in front of the caskets on thursday afternoon saying goodbye : at the end of the service , a dozen people carried each casket from the field amid a sea of mourners final resting place : the trio will be buried at the islamic association of raleigh 's muslim cemetery in wendell support : women sob as they embrace each other outside the islamic association of raleigh on thursday police rushed to the condos in chapel hill on tuesday afternoon after neighbors called 911 to report the sounds of gunshots followed by screams and more gunshots then silence . a few hours later , 46 year old craig hicks a married paralegal student and a former car parts salesman turned himself in to authorities . he has now been transferred from a county jail in durham , to the state prison in raleigh because of security concerns , prison authorities said . he is being held without bail . the killings are fueling outrage among people who blame anti muslim rhetoric for hate crimes . hicks made regular posts on social media slamming religion and its followers , and referring to himself as an anti theist . on wednesday , neighbors said he always seemed angry and confrontational , while his ex wife said he showed no compassion at all for other people . but his wife karen hicks insisted that the deaths came after a long standing parking dispute and said he often championed equality for others . the women 's father , mohammad abu salha , said police told him each was shot in the head in the couple 's apartment and that he is convinced it was a hate crime . victims : from left , deah shaddy barakat , 23 , his wife yusor mohammad , 21 , and her sister razan mohammad abu salha , 19 , were all found with bullet wounds to their heads inside the chapel hill apartment on tuesday the media here bombards the american citizen with islamic , islamic , islamic terrorism and makes people here scared of us and hate us and want us out . so if somebody has any conflict with you , and they already hate you , you get a bullet in the head , said abu salha , a psychiatrist . a muslim advocacy organization also pressed authorities to investigate possible religious bias . many posted social media updates with the hashtag muslimlivesmatter . we understand the concerns about the possibility that this was hate motivated , and we will exhaust every lead to determine if that is the case , chapel hill police chief chris blue said in an email . chapel hill police asked the fbi for help in their probe , and ripley rand , the u.s. attorney for the middle district of north carolina , said his office was monitoring the investigation . police said that the young couple 's neighbor craig hicks , a self proclaimed anti theist , carried out the killings after a long standing parking dispute but the victims families believe it was a hate crime . accused : craig hicks , 46 , is pictured entering the courtroom for his first appearance at the durham county detention center on wednesday , after he allegedly shot the three students to death on tuesday scene : flowers are seen near the building where the three young muslims were killed on tuesday afternoon .:==:funerals were held on thursday for deah shaddy barakat , 23 , his new wife yusor mohammad , 21 , and her sister razan mohammad abu salha , 19 , who were found shot dead on tuesday afternoon in chapel hill . police say the trio were shot by a neighbor over a parking dispute but the families have called it a hate crime . the service on thursday was supposed to be held at one of raleigh 's largest mosques but was moved to a nearby field to hold the thousands of mourners . the victims fathers , mohammad abu salha and namee barakat , stood side by side during the emotional service . at the service , dr abu salha said : we are not seeking petty revenge . our children are more valuable than revenge . the couple 's neighbor , craig hicks , 46 , has been charged with three counts of first degree murder .

a 26 year old fortune cookie factory worker has died after he fell into a dough mixing machine . elmer oscar barrera suffered fatal blunt trauma injuries after tumbling into the machine at the houston , texas , branch of the wonton food company on the weekend . the harris county institute of forensic sciences announced thursday that the man 's death has been ruled an accident . tragic : elmer oscar barrera suffered fatal blunt trauma injuries after tumbling into the machine at the houston , texas , branch of the wonton food company , pictured , on the weekend according to police , the victim was found dead in the machine by a fellow worker . the the gruesome discovery was made on sunday afternoon . investigators are now looking into the tragic death . houston police told abc news that there was no reason to suspect foul play in the case . police were called to the factory at 2902 caroline street at 12:10 pm sunday , according to a statement . the victim , an employee of the wonton food corporation at the above address , was operating an industrial dough mixer , the statement read . a fellow employee found the man deceased in the machine . cookie death : according to police , the victim was found dead in the machine by a fellow worker . the company is one of the country 's largest manufacturers of fortune cookies , pictured the wonton food company operates facilities in new york , texas and tennessee , where they manufacture other asian food items under the golden bowl brand including noodles and wonton wrappers . wonton food is one of the biggest makers of fortune cookies in the united states , making around 4 million cookies a day in their new york headquarters and a smaller number in their houston factory . the company did not immediately respond to calls and emails for comment . according to houston press , wonton food co had no prior occupational safety health administration run ins in recent years . it is not clear how long barrera had worked at the factory , or whether he was properly trained to operate the machine .:==:elmer oscar barrera suffered fatal blunt trauma injuries after tumbling into the machine at the houston , texas , branch of the wonton food company . the harris county institute of forensic sciences announced thursday that the man 's death has been ruled an accident . according to police , the victim was found dead in the machine by a fellow worker sunday afternoon . the wonton food company operates facilities in new york , texas and tennessee . it is one of the biggest makers of fortune cookies in the u.s . making around 4 million cookies a day in their brooklyn hq and less in houston . they also manufacture other asian food items under the golden bowl brand including noodles and wonton wrappers .

chinese president hu jintao has topped the list of forbes magazine 's list of the world 's most powerful people , besting u.s. president barack obama who slipped to the second spot . the magazine said it used four criteria to define power whether the person has influence over a lot of people whether they have significant wealth compared to their peers whether they are powerful in more than one sphere and whether they actively wield power . in that respect , said the magazine , the editors picked hu as the most powerful man in the world . the annual list was released wednesday evening . as the leader of china , hu presides over 1.3 billion people one fifth of the world 's population , and over the world 's largest army . under him , china has become the world 's second largest economy . and , says forbes , unlike western counterparts , hu can divert rivers , build cities , jail dissidents and censor internet without meddling from pesky bureaucrats , courts . julian assange , the editor of wikileaks , makes the list no 68 , as does facebook founder mark zuckerberg no 40 . in addition , several accused criminals do too , including al qaeda leader osama bin laden no 57 . the top 10 most powerful people , according to the magazine : 1 . hu jintao , president of china 2 . barack obama , president of the united states . 3 . abdullah bin abdul aziz al saud , the king of saudi arabia 4 . vladimir putin , the prime minister of russia 5 . pope benedict xvi 6 . angela merkel , the chancellor of germany 7 . david cameron , prime minister of the united kingdom 8 . ben bernanke , chairman of the federal reserve 9 . sonia gandhi , president of the indian national congress 10 . bill gates , founder of microsoft and co chair of the bill and melinda gates foundation .:==:the magazine uses four criteria to define power . hu presides over one fifth of the world 's population . osama bin laden also makes the list .

sunderland stars scrubbed up to take part in their annual fashion show in support of the club 's charity foundation of light on monday evening . first team players including john o shea , lee cattermole and adam johnson sported designer threads as they strutted their stuff down the catwalk at the event held at the stadium of light . this year 's theme was vintage carnival , with clothes supplied by intumetrocentre , and a range of live entertainment to entertain the guests including manager gus poyet . sunderland captain john o shea gives the thumbs up after arriving at the fashion charity event jordi gomez and adam johnson pose on the catwalk with a pair of models players line up on the stage for the event that raises money for the club 's charity foundation of light black cats manager gus poyet enjoys some of the live entertainment during the show lee cattermole scrubbed up as he is dressed to impress in a smart designer suit now in its sixth year , the show managed to raise £40,000 last term and the players will be hoping they can beat that total to help up to 42,000 people through the charity . the players were joined on stage by just some of the young people who have taken part in education , sport , health and community programmes run by the foundation of light . a casually dressed jack rodwell follows a model down the catwalk at the stadium of light johnson and anthony reveillere look dapper in their suits inspired by a vintage carnival steven fletcher takes part in the annual event that is in its sixth year of raising funds o shea gives another thumbs up seal of approval for the event that raised £40,000 last year another former manchester united defender wes brown enjoys the fund raising evening jack rodwell smiles after being given a fashion makeover , with clothes supplied by intumetrocentre midfielder jordi gomez was taking part in the event for the first time , he told the sunderland echo : this was my first time on the catwalk , it is been ok all i could do was my best . it is a great thing for everyone , i have been looking forward to it ken teears , development director at the foundation of light , said : out of all the events we run , the fashion show is the pinnacle of the winter calender and one of our biggest fundraisers annually . the children get a real buzz out of going down the catwalk with their heroes , and it is a once in a lifetime opportunity , for them .:==:sunderland players took part in fashion show to support the club 's foundation of light charity . stars including john o shea , adam johnson and jordi gomez wore designer clothes while strutting the catwalk . black cats manager gus poyet enjoyed the show that raised £40 k last year .

gareth bale and his real madrid team mates were just a little star struck as nba star carmelo anthony paid them a visit in los angeles . the welsh wizard queued up with the rest of the european champions to meet the knicks forward during a training session at ucla . video scroll down to watch nba star carmelo anthony visit gareth bale and real madrid star appeal : gareth bale with new york knicks star carmelo anthony at real madrid 's training base in la real madrid are training at the california university on wednesday in preparation for friendly matches against inter milan , roma and manchester united . anthony and boyhood friend and fellow basketball player dontaye draper , who spent two years in the spanish capital playing for real madrid 's basketball team , had their picture taken with coach carlo ancelotti and the team . safe hands : the 6 ft 8 in basketball star could make a mean goalkeeper heads up : carmelo anthony shows off his football skills , but we are not sure about the footwear but anthony did not get to meet his favourite player , cristiano ronaldo , as the portugal forward is on extended holiday following the world cup . anthony and his son kiyan did have a enjoyed a kickabout and the 6 ft 8 in american showed off his goalkeeping skills .:==:bale met the knicks forward during a training session at ucla . anthony showed off his football skills with his son kiyan . real preparing for matches against inter , roma and manchester united .

cnn student news november 25 , 2014 on our last show before the thanksgiving break , we have a lot of big stories to cover : the u.s. defense secretary has resigned , a grand jury has reached a verdict in a tense missouri town , and a nuclear deal involving iran has been postponed . we are also defining earthquake swarms , and we are giving tips for how you can stay safe online . teachers , please note that our daily program will return on monday , december 1 . on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news roll call . transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . cnn student news is created by a team of journalists who consider the common core state standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . roll call for a chance to be mentioned on the next cnn student news , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . we will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call thank you for using cnn student news .:==:this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .

turkish airlines has gone from strength to strength in recent years , adding new routes across europe and asia as well as expanding into africa . a new multi billion dollar hub airport in the works in istanbul means this impressive growth story will soon be given yet another boost . but with many ambitious competitors also expanding across the gulf and the middle east , can the turkish aviation vision continue to soar ? john defterios spoke to the airline 's ceo , temel kotil , to find out . below is an edited version of their conversation . john defterios : why do you think there is so much growth coming out of turkey ? temel kotil : the airline business is so big and economies are growing in east asia , africa and europe which is feeding us so we are going to grow . this is very simple . jd : when do you get to the point when the market is too saturated as there are also many expanding hubs across the middle east and particularly in the gulf states ? tk : that is the beauty of the airline business . there are about 3.1 billion travelers and by 2030 that will be between seven or eight billion , so there are more coming . we are growing at 18 . our friends in the gulf are growing at about 10 to 15 . what is happening is that passengers are floating between carriers . so you have the option to go from city x in europe to city y in asia to go via istanbul , via dubai , via abu dhabi and so on who will become the winner will be the airline who loves the passengers . we love the passengers . we are the best airline in europe for the last two years . hopefully we will continue that but who knows ? we will work hard . it is a big business and it is a big market . if we are good we can become the winner . having a good brand , quality , prices , network , size this matters . jd : you are building major infrastructure in istanbul with a third airport that has a $35 billion price tag . some say this is grandiosity and that you do not really need an airport of that size . how do you counter these critics ? tk : no , we need it from istanbul we have to cover the whole of europe . we have more than 100 destinations coming as a european carrier . we cover the whole of the middle east , africa , northern africa , central africa all through central asia . this means turkish airlines becomes a nice feeder from istanbul . by 2023 , depending upon ourselves will be 120 million passengers every year . because of this . you can make a big investment in the airport . we can combine these bigger airports with the passenger capabilities of the turkish airlines . history will change . the asian carriers who are feeding the other hubs just now they will appear in istanbul . today they want to fly to istanbul but because of capacity concerns they are not coming . turkey is a growing country . the cost issue is not a problem because of the volume from turkish airlines is already put on the table already .:==:turkish airlines expanding into asia , europe and africa . new hub airport in istanbul with first stage set to open in 2017 . aviation industry set to expand dramatically by 2030 .

for members of congress , the obamacare debate is getting personal . this week , lawmakers can begin their sign up process for health care , and a cnn survey shows that while most senators and representatives plan to participate in the obamacare exchanges , a sizable group is walking away from the government coordinated exchanges and instead getting their healthcare in the private marketplace . the chart : who has signed up for obamacare in congress enrollment for the house and senate opened monday and ends in early december , forcing lawmakers to make two big decisions : will they personally get coverage through an exchange either in washington as part of their workplace or in their home state and if they sign on to the exchange as part of their job , will they take the thousands of dollars a year the federal government gives employees to help with premiums ? of the 118 members of congress who responded to cnn , the clear majority plan to get coverage on the exchange as members of congress , taking the employer contribution that comes with it but nearly 20 of those responding indicated they would not go onto the exchanges . some , like rep . allyson schwartz , d pennsylvania , are on medicare a few others rely on pension plans from previous jobs . related : white house tech expert says healthcare . gov getting better but many are choosing to stay out of the exchanges , making a politically sensitive decision that removes them from the process congress created . most are republicans who see it as a statement about obamacare and fiscal responsibility . she came to congress to fight obamacare , not to enroll in it , wrote a spokesman for rep . diane black , are tennessee , who is going directly to the private market for her health care . he feels the taxpayers should not have to shoulder those personal costs for him , explained a spokesman for rep . frank lobiondo , are new jersey , who is also heading into the private markets . but it is not just republicans . declined the employer health coverage on the exchange as part of his commitment to fiscal responsibility and saving taxpayer money , reads a statement the office rep . scott peters , d california , sent cnn . peters will get health coverage through his wife 's plan . related : white house officials get earful from democrats on obamacare the politics are tricky . if they stay in the exchange , they could be accused of backing obamacare and taking federal money for their health care . but if they leave , they could be accused of not participating in the system congress invented and , as part of the affordable care act , decreed that lawmakers should personally experience . several swing state and closely watched senators have found a possible political middle ground by joining an exchange as individuals , not as members of congress . under the current system , congress essentially acts as a small business employer on the washington exchange . thus , all members of congress who want coverage and federal contribution dollars through their job have to enroll on that one exchange . but five senators are instead signing up as individuals through their home state , going through the exchange system but forgoing the federal dollars that would be attached if they signed up with their job in the d c exchange . i want to have the exact same experience and go through the same steps as other alaskans when it comes to signing up for health care , wrote sen . mark begich , d alaska . colorado senator michael bennet is planning on doing the same in his state , as are fellow democrats claire mccaskill of missouri , jeff merkley of oregon and republican john hoeven of north dakota . no house members responded that they were moving to their state exchange . one rare category of lawmakers consists of those who are signing up as members of congress , going through the d c exchange , but who are nonetheless rejecting or returning the federal dollars that come with it related : obamacare girl said she felt bullied the office of rep . patrick murphy , d florida , told cnn , the congressman will return the federal contribution money to the u.s. treasury . same for sen . mike enzi , are wyoming . rep . mark amodei , are nevada , is still deciding exactly where he will get his health care , but if he goes with a plan as a member of congress , his office told cnn , he will donate to charity the thousands of dollars in premium help from the government . still unknown is whether sen . david vitter , are louisiana , who launched a fiery protest against the federal contributions to congressional health care plans , will take the money . his office told cnn that he does plan on entering the exchange as a member of congress , but his staff did not respond to our repeated questions about whether he would take the contribution . members have until december 9 to decide if they want to get employer backed coverage as part of their jobs .:==:members of congress will select their health care coverage starting this week . most say they will participate in obamacare exchanges . but many will opt out in favor of private plans or other options .

as a beatle , george harrison always hankered for the quiet life it was his eldest sister , louise , told since she was a little girl that she could be the next shirley temple , who longed to be famous . neither of them got their wish . the former beatle died in november 2001 , leaving more than £100 million in his will , as well as friar park , his huge gothic pile in henley on thames , just one of a number of lavish homes around the world . as for his big sister , she couldn t be further away from the 120 room mansion splendour of his life living alone at the age of 82 in a mobile home in branson , missouri , and getting by on the uncertain income from a beatles tribute band she set up the harrisons were brought up to be self reliant and louise says she is not the type to whinge about her lot . she tells me she is financially struggling but quickly adds : but wouldn t you say everyone is ? her one bedroom mobile home she has another next door may not be worth very much , but at least she owns them and the land they are on , unlike the thousands with heavily mortgaged homes they can t afford , she says . george never enjoyed being rich he said that the beatles were just targets when they became rich and there was always some predator coming after them . every golddigger in the world was after the beatles , she says . i didn t want to become a millionaire after what happened to him . i won t even buy a lottery ticket for fear of winning . she doesn t mind not living in a castle , she adds . she would rather be broke than wealthy and heartless . this is perhaps just as well since , as she revealed yesterday , not only was she completely left out of her brother s will , but the monthly $2,000 £1,250 pension he had set up for her in 1980 and meant her to have for life was cut off by his family estate without explanation . at the time she didn t have a job and was living on social security which in the u.s. is not much so it would have been quite a blow . she never discovered who took this somewhat heartless decision . she insists she has never asked george s widow , olivia , or his son , dhani , who received most of harrison s wealth . but she knows george would have been u.s.t a long way from beatlemania : the branson , missouri , property that louise harrison calls home . she has lived in america for more than 50 years and says she wants nothing from the family of her famous brother beatle : george harrison a year before his death at the australian grand prix in 2000 , and during a rare public appearance in los angeles in 1992 one of the things my brother said to me back in the eighties was that , given his circumstances , there was no reason on this earth why a sister of his should ever experience any financial hardship . she insists she doesn t care about the money or the implied slight from the family of a brother to whom she was once very close . i was quite surprised , but i never argued about it , i just accepted it had been cancelled and got on with my life , she says . louise and george s parents taught them to pick themselves up if they fell . i grew up in world war ii during the air raids on liverpool . if someone drops a bomb on your house , you just move out and get on with things . just because you re living in a mobile home , it doesn t mean you ll be living there for the rest of your life , she insists . and what about being left out of his will ? i was 11 years older than george and i don t think either of us expected he would die before me , says louise . sprawling estate : friar park , the 120 room home in henley on thames where george harrison lived with his wife olivia and son , dhani , before he passed away in 2001 she may claim she s not curious , but others will surely be puzzled to find out why the sister of one of the most famous men in popular music should be living in a trailer in missouri , a state famous as the capital of the crystal meth drug industry . could her modest financial situation have had anything to do with the falling out she had with her brother , which led to them not speaking for six years ? she plays down the notion that there was a rift , although she concedes he might have been told some weird things about me . as children growing up in liverpool s wavertree district , the siblings had been extremely close and they remained on good terms during his early beatles days . by then to borrow a line from the fab four the itchy footed louise had started down a long and winding road . when we were fab : ed sullivan with the beatles ringo starr george harrison died november 2001 john lennon died december 1980 and paul mccartney on the set of the ed sullivan show . 1964 forbidden by her father from pursuing her dream of becoming a film star by going to stage school , she married donald caldwell , a scottish mining engineer , when she was 25 . they moved to canada and then to peru before settling in benton , illinois . when the beatles formed , she was very excited for her brother . i was running around radio stations trying to get their records played , she recalls . i was writing to their manager brian epstein every week with my research on the american music scene . he d write back thanking me and asking if i could do the same for some of his other bands . i was really quite helpful in getting the band into the u.s. did she get any reward for that ? i didn t need any reward . my kid brother had a band and i wanted to see them to succeed , she says . she and caldwell had two sons but divorced in 1970 . she then moved to new york where she spent a lot of time with george , staying at the ritzy plaza hotel and partying with him and cynthia lennon . in new york , where she briefly ran a travel business , she met her second husband , glass salesman walter kane . walter got on famously with george and the couple would spend a month in britain each year , staying at harrison s friar park home . all those years ago : george harrison with his parents harold and louise harrison at home in liverpool but the marriage didn t last and they split up in 1983 . louise says both her husbands were alcoholics . when i got my second divorce , george said : “don t go getting married , i ll take care of you”. but instead of growing closer , they moved apart . insiders say the privacy obsessed harrison distanced himself from his sister in the mid nineties because he disapproved of the way she was exploiting her connection with him . she would be paid to speak at beatles conventions and in 1993 , when she asked him to join the board of a peace project she had set up , he refused . the final straw came two years later when her old home in benton was converted into a beatles themed b b called a hard day s nite . louise didn t own the venture but did supply it with beatles memorabilia and helped publicise it for the next six years until his death , they didn t meet despite several trips by the beatle to the u.s. and had minimal communication . but almost 20 years on , she questions whether her brother was ever really angry with her . if george had really been u.s.t about something , he could always have called me but she concedes that many of her letters to him went unreplied . i think he was just too busy , she says . the pair did , however , have a final reconciliation . louise drove hundreds of miles to see harrison at his hospital bedside in staten island , new york . there were reports that the desperately frail harrison initially refused to see her , but his wife made him change his mind . staggering : british rock group the beatles performing their last live public concert on the rooftop of the apple organization building for director michael lindsey hogg 's film documentary , let it be , on savile row , london , england holding hands , the siblings chatted about old times for 90 minutes , laughing at how he used to be teased for his sticking out ears . louise , who still has another sibling , harry , in britain , says her beatle brother apologised to her . you know , i could have been a lot more help to you i m sorry , she later recalled him saying . he could , of course , have changed his will at that point but he didn t given his supposed views on the fab four b b , one wonders what harrison would have thought of her beatles tribute band , liverpool legends . louise says she set it up only because she needed an income after losing the pension . i wanted to get guys who looked and sounded as much like the beatles as possible but i also wanted the kind of guys that if george was still here , they would be his friends . i ve always been very proud of how they ve turned out . i m more like their mum than their manager . louise , who is a grandmother , moved from illinois to branson about seven years ago , effectively to follow the band . the town has a profusion of live entertainment venues and they saw a gap in the market for a rock n roll band . however , business has been slow , she admits . i am struggling for money , like everyone , but i am not on the breadline . i am not “skint”, as they would say in britain . i feel very fortunate to own outright the land that my two homes sit on which is better than most , she says . i m 82 now and still in good health and good spirits . i m fine . in some ways , her famous brother who once told her of his dream to play guitar for just a handful of people in an obscure little bar would be jealous of her modest but anonymous life , she says .:==:louise harrison , 82 , now lives alone in a mobile home in branson , missouri . she has received a £1,250 a month pension by her brother since 1980 . but it was recently cut off without explanation . however , she insists she is happy and wants nothing from the rest of her family , who inherited his £100 million fortune .

england forward lee mossop has cut short his injury hit stint in the nrl to rejoin wigan . the 25 year old prop left the warriors after their grand final win over warrington 12 months ago and joined parramatta on a two year contract , with an option for a third season with the sydney club . however , he was sidelined for the first three months of the season with a shoulder injury and missed the end of it after undergoing surgery on the problem for a second time . lee mossop pictured winning the challenge cup final in 2013 has re signed for wigan warriors now he is back with the warriors , having signed a three year deal , with the option of a fourth in the club 's favour , although chairman ian lenagan says they have inserted a clause in his contract in case the player fails to make a full recovery from his latest operation . mossop , who becomes the second england international to rejoin wigan in the last six months following joel tomkins return from rugby union , said : i have enjoyed my time with parramatta but i felt it was the right time to return to the uk wigan was always going to be my first choice and i am really happy that we have been able to agree a deal . i owe a lot to this club having come through the youth system . the squad is a bit younger now and i hope to be able to pass on my experience to some of the other players . i was at the grand final last month cheering the boys on and hope to be back there again next season . mossop , who made 111 appearances in his first spell with the club , was wanted by leeds , who are looking to bolster their front row after releasing ryan bailey and ian kirke in recent weeks , but wigan had first option on him . they will need to release players to make room for mossop under their salary cap and it is thought scott taylor and possibly gil dudson could now be moved on wigan coach shaun wane said : as soon as i heard that he might be available , i asked rugby manager kris radlinski and ian lenagan to see if it was possible and i am grateful that they have done just that . i am pleased also for lee showing loyalty to the club . having seen the fans welcome joel tomkins back earlier this year , i am looking forward to seeing them give lee a great reception at the dw next season . shane wane pictured celebrating the super league win in october is pleased that mossop is back at the club wigan say mossop will miss the start of the new season but is expected to recover from his latest shoulder operation in time to make his return in late february . lenagan said : we are aware that lee has had issues with his shoulders in the past which did not resolve with keyhole surgery but he has now had advanced surgery to put them right and our medical specialist advise that statistics have proven the surgery to work in 97 per cent of shoulder cases . as is the case in instances like this , we have put provisions in lee 's contract to protect the club against recurrence . we all know that a fit lee mossop is one of the best front rowers in the game and i have confidence in my coaching staff to bring the best out of him again and , hopefully , even more with his shoulder problems fixed . lee had a lot of interest from rival clubs but preferred to be back at wigan . this is another positive for wigan and for rugby league in this country and serves only to vindicate our policy of allowing players to play in other competitions whilst keeping the option available for them to return to the club in the future . with this deal , there will now be a few consequential changes to our squad for the 2015 season to follow .:==:lee mossop will enjoy a second spell at wigan warriors . but the forward will miss the start of the super league season . coach shane wane is delighted that mossop has re signed .

floyd mayweather believes his $300 million las vagas showdown with manny pacquiao on may 2 will be the biggest fight in boxing history . mayweather , speaking for the first time since beginning his preparations for his upcoming fight , insists the first four days of his training camp have gone tremendous thus far . the undefeated world champion also thanked boxing legends such as mike tyson and sugar ray robinson for paving the way for his success . floyd mayweather has spoken for the first time since he started preparations for his fight with manny pacquiao mayweather insists preparations for his las vegas showdown with pacquiao have gone tremendous the undefeated boxer will be hoping to extend his unbeaten run when he goes toe to toe with pacquiao mayweather told fight hype : training camp has gone tremendously thus far , all i can do is just wait . this is not just a big fight , this is the biggest fight in boxing history . it is always being at your best , pushing yourself to the limit and just being sharp and smart . this fight will be a part of history . when you look back at marvin hagler , sugar ray leonard , tommy hearns , roberto duran , larry holmes , mike tyson , joe louis , sugar ray robinson , wilfred benitez , the spinks brothers , pernell whitaker , james toney , cornelius edwards and the list goes on and on i just come in and take my hat off to the guys who paved the way for me to be where i am at today . the 38 year old went on to urge boxing fans to buy a pay per view subscription and heaped praise on his team . he added : i got lucky because god blessed me with a good team . i want everyone to tune in on may 2 buy pay per view two months in advance . pacquiao is also preparing for the highly anticipated fight , which will take place at mgm grand on may 2 .:==:floyd mayweather has urged fans to buy pay per view subscription . the american insists his training has gone tremendous thus far . mayweather has thanked boxing legends to pave way for his career . tyson : mayweather does not throw enough punches to trouble pacquiao . click here to read the latest news on mayweather 's fight against pacquiao .

a pasadena city college professor who is made a name for himself as a male feminist has had an epic online breakdown and admitted to having an affair with a 23 year old . hugo schwyzer let loose in an hour long twitter tirade friday following revelations in early august that the 46 year old married father of two was sexting 27 year old porn star christina parreira . after news broke about schwyzer 's affair , he took a self imposed hiatus from social media . it was broken on friday in a major way , when he began tweeting , almost non stop , for an hour . breathtakingly cocky : professor hugo schwyzer admitted to being an academic fraud and a bad feminist during an hour long twitter rant younger woman : porn professional christina parreira exchanged sexts with porn professor schwyzer which eventually found their way online and triggered schwyzer 's manic meltdown the focus of the vitriol spouted during the meltdown was schwyzer himself . labeling himself a hypocrite , schwyzer listed the ways in which he had betrayed his students , readers and family . more than 100 tweets detail infidelity , a fraudulent career in feminist studies and mental illness . schwyzer had already put many feminist groups offside after admitting having inappropriate relationships with many of his students when he first began teaching at pasadena community college . tweet storm : hugo schwyzer typed tweet after tweet in a twitter tirade about his own hypocrisy schwyzer began his tweet fest by telling his followers he was in the midst of a manic episode . he says he suffers from bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder . he referred to himself as a breathtakingly cocky fraud , and said it was time for the truth to out . he wrote , so the real story you all missed is that i talked my way into teaching women 's studies on the basis of 2 undergrad courses only . the professor , whose area of expertise is actually british medieval church history , admitted to never having published an academic article on feminism . his work for sites such as the atlantic and jezebel , was , he said , a way of getting attention , and that while he loved his students , i loved the attention more and i was f ing awesome at getting it i appropriated the language of redemption , i knew which buttons to push , i used sex and charm and whiteness and it usually worked . porn professor : schwyzer built a career as a male feminist , writing in national newspapers and online , and appearing on tv , but now admits that he manipulated women to get attention schwyzer told his twitter fans that the same week an article he wrote condemning age disparate relationships was published in the atlantic , he was sleeping with a 23 year old and sexting a 27 year old . i m a monstrous hypocrite , he wrote . you can denounce me now . i am out of feminism , not because i do not believe in it , but because i am such a p poor example of it all . the twitter diatribe ended when schwyzer wrote that he was giving his laptop and twitter password to a family member and staying offline . twitter jail : many of schwyzer 's twitter followers advised him to stop typing , but there was no stemming the flow , though he has now handed over his computer and password to a family member schwyzer said he will take medical leave from his tenure position at pasadena community college following the revelations about his infidelity , to deal with his mental illnesses and repair his marriage . i ve put myself on medical leave , but i haven t broken a single academic rule , schwyzer told the new york daily news . my penis is all over the internet but i haven t broken the university s code of conduct . screen shots of schwyzer 's texts to a porn actress , identified as christina parreira , began surfacing early this month . parreira said schwyzer divulged fantasies about participating in a threesome with perriera and porn actor james deen in front of the students of his infamous humanities 3 class , known as navigating porn . big man on campus : schwyzer has said he will not teach any classes on gender or sexuality in the future but will focus on his area of expertise , british medieval church history i will never teach women 's studies or gender studies again . if i can get well and beat this , i will teach my western civ courses , promised schwyer . though he has taken leave of twitter for the time being , schwyzer managed to give an interview today to the daily beast . when asked about his motivations , he said , for me the motivation was not to get these girls into bed . sex is only the exclamation point on what you really want . what i am addicted to is affirmation and validation from women . what mattered to me is that they had me on a pedestal , that they thought about me that is the honest truth . pasadena city college spokesman juan gutierrez said last week that he was unaware of schwyzer s plan to take medical leave . we have not received any direct indication that professor schwyzer will not be at pcc in the fall , gutierrez told the pasadena star news . should professor schwyzer indicate that he is in need of any support from the college regarding this situation or health issues , we will extend that support in any way possible .:==:california professor hugo schwyzer tweeted almost non stop for an hour , admitting to being a fraud and a hypocrite . schwyzer made a career teaching feminism but said he has no academic qualifications in the area . he admitted to sexting a porn star and cheating on his wife with a 23 year old . schwyzer said he suffers from bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder . the professor said he will only teach english medieval history from now on , because he is a p poor feminist .

a woman leapt to her death from a city rooftop restaurant after a facebook stalker exposed her westernised lifestyle to her muslim parents . rema begum , 29 , plunged 80 ft from the terrace of coq d argent after sipping a glass of wine and climbing on to a ledge . she landed in front of horrified workers outside bank tube station and died instantly . once the life and soul of the party , she had been plagued by an internet stalker who used information from her facebook profile to send poison pen letters to her and her parents . the coq d argent restaurant , where miss begum jumped to her death she was also suffering depression after losing her manager s job at the british library following a row with her bosses , an inquest at city of london coroner s court was told yesterday . miss begum feared she was living an impure life and as punishment was worried she would not be allowed into paradise . on september 4 , she went to sir terence conran s coq d argent and ordered a glass of wine . at about 6.30 pm , she put down her handbag and glass , with a note underneath it , and diners saw her climb onto a ledge and fall eight storeys . sir terence conran owns the exclusive restaurant including miss begum , four people have plunged to their deaths from the building since 2007 . a post mortem revealed she was not drunk , and the court heard she had left a string of suicide notes dating back four months . in her handbag , police found anti depressants , a bottle of vodka and a note containing contact details for her next of kin . in the days before her death , miss begum , who had lived alone in islington , north london , confided how she was struggling to reconcile her muslim faith and her lifestyle . the day before she died , miss begum had been to her local hospital with her parents after she tried to hang herself – but insisted it was a cry for attention and promised she would not do it again . her university friend avril atkins said she had been a very happy , very bubbly woman like the life and soul of the party , but had become reclusive . although she came from a traditional muslim family and followed some practices including fasting , she lived a western life independently and had non muslim partners which her family had found out about , mrs atkins said . she had some problems with facebook . somebody – she didn t know who – had been sending letters to her parents about her lifestyle and relationships . miss begum reported the abuse to the police , before deleting her facebook account and replacing it with one using a different name , the inquest heard . miss begum , who was also grieving for a relative , had her british library contract terminated after falling out with management last christmas , the coroner was told . her depression began shortly after that . mrs atkins told the inquest : towards the end she was having issues with one of her managers . it was causing her a lot of stress . one thing that did really worry me was she did say to me she hadn t been living a good muslim life and that she wouldn t go to paradise and i was saying to her that she had done nothing wrong with the way she lived her life , her family should be proud of her . miss begum s parents abdul and rufia hakim did not attend the inquest . coroner paul matthews recorded a suicide verdict . he said there was no doubt miss begum was suffering from depression . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 0845790 9090 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .:==:rema begum left behind string of suicide notes , inquest hears . miss begum had tried to hang herself the day before she jumped .

singer lynsey de paul , who had a string of hits in the 1970 s , left more than £1.8 million in her will , it was revealed yesterday . the star , who died last october aged 66 after a suspected brain haemorrhage , left the bulk of her estate to her brother john rubin and her three nieces olivia , gemma and clara rubin . a vegetarian and animal rights campaigner , she also left £25,000 to the wildlife rescue and animal service charity in enfield , north london . singer lynsey de paul , who had a string of hits in the 1970 s , has left more than £1.8 million in her will to her family de paul , who lived in barnet , north london , never married despite romances with hollywood stars such as james coburn and sean connery . known for her glamorous looks and long blonde hair , she had seven top 40 hits including sugar me and eurovision song contest entry rock bottom . the star , who died last october aged 66 after a suspected brain haemorrhage , left the bulk of her estate to her brother john rubin and her three nieces olivia , gemma and clara rubin .:==:lynsey de paul died last year leaving more than £1.8 million in her will . the singer had suffered a suspected brain haemorrhage last october . star left the bulk of her estate to brother john rubin and her three nieces . she also left £25,000 to the wildlife rescue and animal service charity .

a three year old girl whose home was broken into while she slept u.s.airs has drawn a picture of a burglar to help police hunt him down . detectives told little evelyn bardgett , from ilkeston , derbyshire , her sketch would make a good e fit as they took statements from parents stephen , 36 and lucy , 31 . cruel burglars used a spade from the garden she would to force open a kitchen window and get inside the home . they stole an ipad and mr bardgett 's wallet . evelyn drew the picture to help police catch burglars who broke into her house as she and her parents slept detectives told little evelyn bardgett , from ilkeston , derbyshire , her sketch would make a good e fit and police confirmed the raid was one of five homes in targeted by the same gang overnight between monday and tuesday in the past week . mr bardgett , a self employed floor layer , said : the worst thing is knowing that someone has been in your house and searching around while you were asleep u.s.airs . that feeling of intrusion is horrible . it is not so much what has gone but more knowing that people have been creeping around your house . we have just finished decorating the kitchen and i know i had left the stepladder up against the wall and when i got downstairs , it was on the floor . i saw that the window was open , which is when i knew we had been burgled . lucy and evelyn came downstairs and we phoned the police . they were here for at least two hours and scenes of crime officers and cid came too . evelyn drew them a picture of a burglar and one of the detectives said to her , that s a good e fit , hopefully we can catch them from that . derbyshire police said cash , jewellery , laptops and mountain bikes were stolen from other properties in the same area in the spate of burglaries between monday night and tuesday morning . a force spokesman said : we believe all five burglaries are linked and we would like to hear from anyone who might have been offered the items for sale or know who is responsible . father stephen bardgett surveys the damage caused by burglars using a spade to lever open the window .:==:evelyn bardgett , aged three , wanted to help police catch the criminals . burglars broke into her house at night as she and her parents slept . police told her the picture she drew would make a good e fit . gang used a spade to open a window and then stole an ipad and a wallet .

a leading italian soccer coach has called for stronger action against racism after a top level match between ac milan and roma was suspended sunday due to abusive chants by supporters . milan striker mario balotelli was targeted by visiting fans throughout the match , and referee gianluca rocchi called the game to a halt in the second half to warn the crowd via the public address system . after several minutes delay , the match continued and ended in a 0 to 0 draw . milan coach massimiliano allegri later said the official 's decision was not strong enough . in my opinion , there is only one solution to racism in stadium and that is suspend the match , allegri said on milan 's website . to get rid of this stuff in our stadiums , you have to make big decisions . it could penalize some people but in the long run it would help us to grow as a nation and become more civilized . he told reporters at the post match conference : there is no point in interrupting the game . it is a middle ground decision and it serves no purpose . either the game should be suspended or you keep playing . mario gave all he had this evening , but he is 22 years old and always subject to these racist boos and that is not good . people go to the stadium to watch the two teams but there is always these uncivilized people . roma was fined €50,000 $65,000 by the italian league on monday , its fans having been accused of abusing three milan players though none were named in the lega calcio 's notification of the punishment . the club issued a statement saying it condemns any form of racial abuse . this type of behavior from any football supporters , including ours , is completely unacceptable , it said . we are committed to facing this issue head on to rid our sport of this problem and promote respect for all . the italian football authorities are battling to eradicate racism at matches , with several clubs having been fined for offenses . new rules have been implemented which allow referees to stop matches if racist abuse continues after an official warning . milan 's kevin prince boateng walked off the pitch due to racist abuse during a friendly match against a lower league team in january , being followed by his teammates . he has since joined the anti racism task force set up by world soccer 's governing body fifa . fifa president sepp blatter said he was appalled by the abuse at the milan roma game . tackling this issue is complex , but we are committed to action , not just words , blatter said on twitter . balotelli , who has ghanaian immigrant parents , has been targeted by racists since returning to his native italy from english club manchester city during the january transfer window . the italy international striker was also involved in another controversial incident during the roma match , which ended up with teammate sulley muntari being sent off after manhandling the referee . muntari took offense when rocchi booked balotelli in the first half , and was ordered off after trying to prevent the referee from issuing another yellow card when the midfielder protested the decision . the veteran ghana international clasped the official 's arms and kept them pinned to his side , but was eventually sent from the pitch after boateng intervened to calm him down . sulley made a mistake but it is in the past now , allegri told reporters . he is mortified and it was a blow playing the game with 10 men , but he should not be crucified . the draw mean third placed milan ended the weekend two points ahead of fiorentina in the race to win a place in the qualifying rounds of the european champions league next season , with one match still to play . fiorentina stayed in contention by beating palermo 1 to 0 with a first half goal from veteran striker luca toni that relegated the visiting team . balotelli racially abused again in italy : why serie a must act now to miss out on the champions league , milan will have to lose next weekend 's final match at relegated siena , while fiorentina must beat bottom club pescara or win by more than four goals if the rossoneri draw . earlier sunday , edinson cavani took his serie a leading goal tally to 28 as second placed napoli came from behind to beat siena 2 to 1 thanks to marek hamsik 's injury time winner . hamsik had earlier set up cavani 's leveling header with 17 minutes to play . udinese stayed fifth with a 2 to 1 win over atalanta as antonio di natale scored both goals to take his total this season to 22 , keeping the striker second behind cavani .:==:milan roma match is suspended in second half due to racist abuse by visiting fans . milan 's striker mario balotelli was targeted during sunday 's match at the san siro . home team 's coach says that matches should be called off in such circumstances . both sides have a player sent off , with milan 's sulley muntari manhandling the referee .

the new york civil liberties union filed a federal class action lawsuit wednesday against the city of new york and several members of the new york police department , including police commissioner ray kelly , challenging the department 's operation clean halls program , the nyclu announced . operation clean halls has placed hundreds of thousands of new yorkers , mostly black and latino , under siege in their own homes , said nyclu executive director donna lieberman in a press release wednesday . this aggressive assault on people 's constitutional rights must be stopped . the city sponsored program offers police patrols in residential buildings in an attempt to prevent the use and sale of drugs , according to the official new york city website . landlords can request that the police conduct patrols in the hallways and stairwells of their building to remove nonresidents who are loitering , the site states . by challenging uninvited individuals , police are providing a level of safety to tenants that residents of doormen buildings take for granted , deputy police commissioner paul browne said in a press release responding to the lawsuit . critics dispute the role of the program . the program , which has existed since 1991 , is part of a citywide police policy of suspicionless stops and arrests that disproportionally affect communities of color , according to the nyclu . the lawsuit says the nypd program violates the u.s. and new york state constitutions , new york common law and the federal fair housing act , according to the court complaint provided by the nyclu . the nypd uses clean halls as a license to stop anybody , at any time , on suspicion of trespassing , nyclu senior staff attorney alexis karteron , lead attorney on the case , said in the press release . as a result , people who live in clean halls buildings are under constant threat of being stopped , frisked , harassed and even arrested by police officers . this type of activity has no place in a free society , and we are confident the courts will put a stop to it there is a lot that we do not know about the program . it is really shrouded in secrecy and that is one of the problems about it , said jen carnig , nyclu director of communications . enrollment in operation clean halls , is widespread , with almost all private apartments in some areas of the bronx and nearly 4,000 private buildings in manhattan enrolled , the court complaint states . landlords invite the police in to at least stop and talk to people who are uninvited into the building , kelly told cnn affiliate ny1 on wednesday . this is the level of safety that people have who live in buildings with doormen . i would suspect that probably the attorneys involved in this case live in buildings with doormen . i believe the nypd has a role to play in our community . but right now , they do not make us feel safe , jacqueline yates , one of the suit is plaintiffs , told the nyclu . we feel under attack in our homes . the new york civil liberties union is joined by the latinojustice prldef and the bronx defenders in representing the lawsuit is 13 plaintiffs . the lawsuit seeks a declaration of unlawful practices and injunction against the defendants , and in addition to several changes in policy , it aims to award damages as compensation to the named plaintiffs .:==:nyclu files lawsuit against nyc and nypd officers over apartment patrol tactics . nyclu says patrols unfairly target low income communities and minorities . nypd official says program provides increased safety for buildings residents .

accused : sheron mancini was discovered with bars of gold in her bra , a jury was told a woman told police she stashed two gold bars in her bra because she panicked when detectives hunting a £1 million bullion heist gang arrested her , a court was told . sheron mancini , 53 , claimed she only found the two iphone size bars each weighing up to 1 kg in her coat pocket after she and her boyfriend david gale , 55 , were stopped by belgian police and arrested . the court heard she told detectives that she had no knowledge of the bars despite being briefly frisked on her arrest earlier by motorcycle officers she claimed it was only after being quizzed about a £1 million bullion robbery and led to the cells that she discovered the bars in her coat . the jury heard how she then panicked and hid them in her underwear but when stripped searched by an officer tried to conceal them in her folded up bra placed in an examination box . it was only when the officer picked up the bra to examine it that the bars fell out , it was claimed . the old bailey previously heard that her partner gale admitted being part of a gang who planned the heist of gold and silver bullion worth £1 million from the back of a lorry in belgium driven by gang member brian mulcahay . tv s the only way is essex stars sam and billie faiers stepdad david chatwood , 58 , mulcahay , 46 , matthew middleton , 42 , gary cummings , 51 , and stanley rose , 75 , have also pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal . co defendants : john corley , left , who is accused of being been instrumental in the heist in the dock and nicolas kyriacos , right , both deny conspiracy to conceal , disguise , convert or transfer criminal property trial : the old bailey heard how the trio were part of a plot to steal bullion worth £1 million from a lorry and smuggle it into the uk mancini is accused of trying to smuggle the gold into the uk after the robbery which had been staged by the gang on october 4 of last year . a week after the robbery of the british registered lorry on a belgian motorway , mancini and gale were pulled over by traffic police as they headed for a channel port . facing jail : david chatwood has admitted his part in a plot to steal £1.1 million in gold and silver bullion in belgium the old bailey jury had earlier heard the plot was wouldoomed to failure because some of the gang were being watched by british police and they were all soon rounded up the jury heard in interview with belgian police , mancini said : as i put my coat on , i felt there were two unidentified objects in my coat pocket . i immediately realised it was not right and immediately put these objects in my bra . i did not even look to see what they were . but she said she realised the gravity of the contents when she was searched , adding : it was then that i knew these items were in fact gold bars . i had to take off my bra and put it in a box . i had folded the bra in such a way that the items were not visible . as a female police officer picked up the bra , the gold bars fell out . but the belgian police dismissed her story as implausible with an inspector saying they thought the bars had been sitting in her bra from the beginning . mancini maintains she was telling the truth . she is standing trial along with john corley , 53 , and father and son andreas and kayracos nicolas , 50 and 30 . the trial continues . celebrity connection : chatwood is the stepfather of towie stars sam and billie faiers sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons .:==:sharon mancini and boyfriend david gale were arrested by belgian police . two gold bars were later found in mancini 's bra during a police strip search . gale has admitted being part of a gang who planned the heist of gold and silver bullion worth £1 million from the back of a lorry in belgium . mancini denies trying to smuggle the gold into the uk tv s the only way is essex stars sam and billie faiers step dad david chatwood has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal .

when france 's economy minister arnaud montebourg was quoted in french daily newspaper le monde over the weekend attacking the economic policies of his very own government , he knew what he was doing : pulling the pin out of a grenade . and he certainly seemed to have no regrets . france 's prime minister manuel valls , appointed 147 days ago after president franã§ois hollande 's socialist party took a severe beating in local elections , was not going to take such overt rebellion kindly . it is me or him , he is reported to have told hollande . on monday morning , the whole french government presented its resignation and valls was immediately asked to form a new cabinet . apparently savoring the effects of his political sortie , the cocky montebourg , in a televised address from the ministry of the economy , said that he would follow into the steps of cincinnatus , a kind of gentleman farmer roman senator , who in 500 bc came to represent civic virtue for his modesty and restraint . cincinnatus was also known for his beautiful curly mane , just like arnaud montebourg . many observers were quick to point out that vanity , rather than political restraint , were probably what the french minister shared most with the great roman senator . why is the french government imploding and its members at loggerheads ? it is the economy and it is ideological . montebourg , at the left of the french socialist party , advocates the end of austerity measures that supposedly kill economic growth , while valls , at the right of the french socialist party , as well as president hollande who long dithered about what economic direction to take , both favor a more german approach , with policies focusing on reducing public deficits and corporate tax breaks . in fact , many people in france are asking why it took more than two years to get rid of montebourg , whose histrionic style and interventionist mantra have made him more enemies than friends , especially in the business world . you may remember how he lectured french and foreign investors such as the peugeot family and lakshmi mittal over their plans to scale down their activities in some of their french factories . montebourg has been a thorn in the side of president hollande ever since his appointment as minister , however he is also the symbol of hollande 's confusing and mostly unreadable economic choices . when the french president finally decided back in march to reclaim some control over his unruly government , and to impose a new series of business friendly measures , the appointment of valls was seen as a coherent and strong sign that political and economic uncertainty had finally ended . however , hollande insisted that his new prime minister keep montebourg in government and give him the economy portfolio . as the economist put it : hollande calculated that the risk of a confusing economic policy was less high than that of having his firebrand left winger sniping from the outside . how wrong hollande was . in fact , hollande seems to have been governing france as if he was still leader of the socialist party , trying desperately and at all costs , to hold a divided family together . if such strategy can work for a political party , it may be disastrous when governing a country . to be president and to govern is to make clear choices . since his arrival in power in may 2012 , hollande has given the country the impression of playing it by ear , steering the wheel on the right or the left as events came along . this has certainly not proved popular . with an approval rating of barely 20 , hollande is one of the most unpopular presidents of the fifth republic , founded in 1958 . will the exit of the most rebellious socialists from the government be enough for the president and his prime minister to restore some credibility and be able to implement at last a string of pro business measures ? if this heralds the end of hollande 's political contradictions , this will be most welcome . however , the new french government , which will be announced later today , will have to convince french mps and be backed by a majority in parliament . montebourg and the anti austerity crusaders within the socialist party may want to systematically hinder the government 's actions and force hollande to dissolve parliament and call for new elections . however , this would not necessarily be good news for the opposition , as the french right , shaken by a series of scandals , has almost disappeared from political debate . the facts remain that economically , france is not performing as well as expected . with unemployment at more than 10 and two consecutive quarters without growth , france is not going to reach its deficit target of 3.8 of gdp in 2014 . the french government must now decide what direction it wants to take and have the courage to stay the course . france is not performing in a vacuum and hollande 's ability to work in tandem with its european partners , germany in particular , will prove key to a much needed coherence . in fact , as brussels based journalist ian traynor rightly points out : the turmoil in paris presages more battles ahead in brussels and between eu capitals as the existential crisis that was the euro emergency turns more political . the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of agnes poirier .:==:on monday morning , the french government presented its resignation . economic and ideological reasons are behind the turmoil , agnes poirier says . many ask why it took so long to get rid of economy minister arnaud montebourg , she says . poirier : the french government must now decide what direction it wants to take .

the cell phone video shows a scene straight out of hell : a darkness lit only by billowing smoke , tinted orange and red from nearby flames , as a vehicle hurtles toward safety . daddy ? says a small , tearful voice , tinged with panic . we are going to make it , doug gulick tells his child . we are going to be fine . where is mom ? the child says , then , urgently , why is she stopping ? kaleb gulick , 13 , shot the video in the car with his father as his family , in two cars , fled a deadly colorado wildfire that crept too close to their home earlier this week . firefighters were hoping to make more progress thursday on containing the fire , which has burned more than 4,000 acres in a mountainous area near denver . with improving conditions , some evacuated residents were allowed to return to their homes thursday morning , the jefferson county sheriff 's office said . the colorado forest service apologized for the wildfire after it was revealed that it was caused by a controlled burn that got out of control , killing at least two people . this is heartbreaking and we are sorry , state forester joe duda told reporters wednesday about the lower north fork fire , which has scorched 4,140 acres in jefferson county , destroying or damaging 27 houses and leaving a woman missing in addition to the two fatalities . the revelation pushed gov . john hickenlooper to suspend such burns . a team is being formed to investigate how last thursday 's controlled burn re erupted on monday as a wildfire . the loss of life and property this week is devastating and this fire is far from being contained , he said in a news release . that is why our top priority remains working to control the blaze , hickenlooper said . he suspended the use of prescribed burns by state agencies on state lands including state parks , refuges , state land board lands and any agency that manages lands or under contract on nonstate lands , such as by the colorado state forest service . the suspension will be effective until the review of protocols and procedures of prescribed burning is complete . doug gulick told cnn on thursday as the family loaded the cars , the last thing i saw was this large flame shot up , and we realized we had to go right then . we turned that corner and went from daylight into pure darkness , he said . gulick 's wife , kim olson , was in the vehicle in front of her husband . she explained thursday she put the brakes on prompting her child 's panic because she was fumbling for the headlights in the darkness , and because she hesitated , wondering if the family was going to make it out or whether she and gulick should turn around . but then , she said , their neighbor went flying past them , and she decided to keep going . there it is , right there , doug gulick tells the children on the video as they pass flames . oh , my gosh a child exclaims , and gulick soothes them as the sky brightens , we are out . we are out . kaleb gulick said his father handed him the phone and i just did my best to capture the whole experience . olson said their home was still standing as of tuesday , when they saw an aerial shot of its roof line and that of their neighbor . she said she has received word that firefighters are camping out on her driveway and her neighbor 's , putting out spot fires . their home is not out of danger yet , she said , but the family is still hoping for the best . and as firefighters work to extinguish the blaze , the search continues for a woman missing since the fast moving wildfire swept through her home . a search and rescue team of 32 people and six dogs searched 60 acres wednesday around her house and found no sign of the woman , said jacki kelley , a public information officer with the jefferson county sheriff 's office . firefighters have dropped 4,100 gallons of fire retardant on the blaze , which was fueled by high winds and dry conditions , officials said . jefferson county coroner john graham identified the two victims as a married couple , samuel lucas , 77 , and linda lucas , 76 . they were found very close together , kelley said . one was found outside one was found inside . officials were trying to determine why the couple did not leave the fire zone by monday night . cnn 's michael martinez , tina burnside , phil gast , darrell calhoun , josh levs , shawn nottingham , dave hennen , and sarah dillingham contributed to this report .:==:new : some residents are being allowed to return to their homes . a colorado family captures harrowing escape from a wildfire on video . the flames kill a husband and wife . the governor suspends controlled fires until an investigation is completed .

ed balls has been spared a driving ban but fined £900 and given five points on his licence today for failing to stop after an accident . the shadow chancellor revealed in may he had been charged with driving away from a crash after he bumped his car in his constituency of morley and outwood , west yorkshire . it was said he was trying to perform a seven point turn . today , a district judge said the incident was at the lower end of the scale of seriousness and rejected the option of a total driving ban . shadow chancellor ed balls has been ordered to pay a £900 fine and has had five points put on his driving licence after admitting failing to stop after a minor road collision district judge roy anderson read a letter from mr balls 's solicitors admitting the offences of failing to stop and failing to report an accident . he said mr balls 's account was that he did not realise at the time that he had caused any damage to the parked peugeot 308 as he moved out of the car park in his ford mondeo . the district judge ordered the shadow chancellor to pay a £900 fine plus a £90 government surcharge and £85 prosecution costs . mr anderson said : motorists who leave the scene of accidents without stopping to exchange particulars will , in serious cases , face a penalty which includes disqualification from driving . this , however , is a case very much at the lower end of the scale of seriousness . no injury was caused to any person and the damage to the car was , in reality , very slight . while mr balls was careless to a minor degree in colliding with the parked car , it is quite clear that if he had stopped at the time to exchange details , this matter would never have been the subject of criminal proceedings . mp ed balls 's car outside his home in castleford that shows some damage on the rear the car shows some damage on the rear , just above the bumper ed balls attempted to perform a seven point turn in this street , but crashed into another car earlier , mr anderson was told the offences carried a possible prison sentence . smiling , the district judge said : i have been sent a bundle of paperwork and , having read it , that would be a most unlikely penalty . in a blog post on his website , mr balls , who did not attend the hearing at leeds magistrates court today , said he bumped into another car when trying to turn his car round in a tight spot . it happened as he was moving out of a car park next to the labour unity club , in morley . but instead of alerting the owner of the damaged black peugeot 306 , mr balls drove off . he said that he had no idea he had caused any damage . the offence of failing to stop after an accident can mean five to 10 penalty points , driving disqualification , a fine of up to £5,000 or , in the most serious cases , a jail sentence of up to six months . pictures at the time showed mr balls ageing ford mondeo estate clearly showing scratch marks on the bumper , but his spokesman insisted they were the result of police taking a paint sample from the vehicle . mr balls said he only found out that he had damaged the other motor when he was contacted by officers a week later . mr balls also claimed the police had no choice but to charge him and insisted he accepted it fully . that bump in april was the fourth time in recent years that mr balls has landed himself in trouble behind the wheel . in 2013 , he received three points for driving through a red light on the embankment near westminster in london . the same year he was caught speeding in his constituency in west yorkshire . he was clocked driving at 56 mph in a 50 mph zone . mr balls paid a fine and attended a speed awareness course rather than accept penalty points . and in 2010 , the labour heavyweight admitted stupidity after being caught talking on his mobile phone while driving . as a cabinet minister at the time , he was fined £60 and given three points on his licence although these points have now expired .:==:shadow chancellor was charged with failing to stop after an accident . he said in a blog post he bumped into another car while in a tight spot . mr balls drove off but said he had no idea he had caused any damage . the offence could have meant a driving ban , but mr balls was spared . labour front bencher believed to have 3 points on his licence already . it is the fourth time in recent years he is been in trouble behind the wheel .

sir alex ferguson was awoken from an apparent slumber in the royal box to watch andy murray leap into the air in celebration as he earned a place in the wimbledon quarter finals . the 27 year old stormed to victory against south african opponent 6 ft8 in kevin anderson , after beating him in three straight sets on centre court . the former manchester united manager had earlier closed his eyes to enjoy a brief snooze as rain halted play in all matches at the all england club in the early afternoon , including that between alize cornet and eugenie bouchard , which was stopped while the retractable roof was brought out . but he was soon back up on his feet to cheer on his fellow scotsman , who has won every set he is played at wimbledon so far this year , as he took the match against the towering 28 year old from johannesburg . perfect spot for 40 winks ? sir alex ferguson managed to fit a kip in during alize cornet 's clash with eugenie bouchard on centre court sir alex did not bother to hide his yawn as he watched fellow scot andy murray take on kevin anderson on centre court but as the action hotted up , sir alex seemed to grow more interested even rising to his feet to cheer on murray andy murray celebrates beating south africa 's kevin anderson during day eight of the wimbledon championships . the 27 year old beat his giant 6 ft 8 ins opponent anderson , 28 , in three straight sets on centre court last night the victory by the reigning wimbledon champion will fuel hopes of a second consecutive title for murray , as bookmakers slashed the odds on him winning to 52 murray , who is fifth in the world , was watched on centre court by his coach amelie mauresmo , his mother judy murray and his girlfriend kim sears former england football manager sir alex ferguson , 72 , and singer sir cliff richard , 73 , were in the royal box to watch andy murray defend his wimbledon title today entrepreneur sir richard branson , 63 , shared a joke with his daughter , holly , 31 , as they sat behind prince michael of kent , 71 , in the royal box this afternoon the countess of wessex arrived at the royal box in navy blue , while murray 's girlfriend kim sears , 26 , chose leopard print and a large white tote to cheer him on the countess of wessex wore a navy blue suit with split skirt for her afternoon of tennis , while sir cliff wore a striped suit and tie . sir richard , who was accompanied by his daughter , holly , 31 , was joined in the royal box by broadcaster sir trevor macdonald , and former british football manager , sir alex ferguson . sir alex watched murray 's quarter final victory last year , and the tennis star described the advice he gave him during a 15 minute chat as gold dust . murray said after their meeting last year : it is an unbelievable work ethic for such a long period of time . spending 15 minutes with him , he is a really impressive guy and you can learn a lot from him . football association chairman greg dyke was also there , and was expected to be joined by singer elaine page , irish golfer paul mcginley and ex cabinet secretary gus o wouldonnell . winning streak ? andy murray got off to a strong start , winning the first set and starting the second set well against kevin anderson in the fourth round tense : judy murray is , as ever , hooked watching her son play . she famously refuses to talk to anyone during the matches of either andy or jamie enraptured : andy murray 's coach amelie mauresmo looked on open mouthed during her player 's clash with anderson meanwhile murray 's fans were forced to queue for more than 26 hours to get a ticket for today 's big match . just 500 centre court seats were available for fans in the famous sw19 queue , and those turning up after the early hours of yesterday morning were left disappointed . a message on the official wimbledon website at 8 am yesterday read : there are more people in the queue than centre and no 1 court tickets for monday . bookmaker coral has murray at 20 to 1 on to beat anderson , and just 4 to 11 to win in straight sets . the odds have also shortened from 3 to 1 to 5 to 2 on murray winning the title again . kitted out : jimmy carr and karoline copping threw their weight behind canada 's eugenie bouchard with a headbands and novelty glasses andy murray , seen left arriving at wimbledon today , is 6 ft 2 ins tall a good six inches shorter than his opponent who reaches 10 ft from the tip of his racket to his toes rain stopped play : centre court has a retractable roof but for spectators in court one , it was time to put the brollies up when a heavy downpour hit support : fans of andy murray arrived with scrabble themed signs for support during his clash with south africa 's kevin anderson on day seven hooked : jim parsons , star of american hit tv show the big bang theory , had his eyes glued to the court as bouchard took on cornet this afternoon david stevens , spokesman for coral , said : as reigning champion , andy murray came into this tournament with an even bigger following than 12 months ago . that has been reflected in the number of bets we have taken on him , which in turn has forced his odds down to the shortest they have ever been at the start of the second week at sw19 . murray 's hopes may have been boosted by avoiding any hold u.s.amid heavy rain on saturday . cancellations mean fifth seed stan wawrinka could face five matches in seven days to reach his first wimbledon final . but when murray was asked if he could stand to benefit from the rejigged schedule , he replied : not really . i ve played many grand slams and sometimes the schedule works in your favour and sometimes it does not . sporting tennis fan : football association chairman greg dyke , 67 , was in the royal box with his wife , sue howes , for the murray match murray 's match was preceded by a women 's match featuring eugenie bouchard of canada , pictured , against france 's alize cornet undampened enthusiasm : fans sheltered under umbrellas on murray mount at wimbledon today during the brief downpour that halted play on all courts at least they will have had a two day break so they will be completely fresh when they start . it is just bad luck . it happens sometimes . i ve had situations where the schedule has not worked out . you just get on with it the odds are stacked against murray 's fourth round opponent , anderson , but the 28 year old has been relaxing before the big match by learning to play a musical instrument and enjoying a south african barbecue . i ve been learning how to play the guitar . that is something i enjoy doing . my mum keeps asking me to play her some tunes , but right now i am just learning all the different notes . i ve got a travel electric guitar which i take on the road with me my acoustic guitar is a bit too big so that is at home , he told wimbledon.com yesterday . after his third round victory on friday , anderson posted a picture of himself on twitter enjoying a traditional feast with the caption : a proper south african braai to kick off the weekend right sir alex ferguson arms crossed took the opportunity to have a quick snooze as he waited for murray 's match on centre court today what seed are you ? this tennis fan had no need for an umbrella as he watched the centre court action dressed as a flower meanwhile , the wimbledon steward who reminded andy murray to hug his mother after he won the wimbledon title last year has told how he helped the scot avoid a great british faux pas . one of the most memorable moments of his victory was when he climbed up to the players box to celebrate with his team , hugging supporters including his girlfriend , kim sears , but forgot to hug his mother and earliest coach . honorary steward david spearing the longest serving steward at wimbledon and guardian of the players box told how he made sure the new champion thanked his mother , too . he told bbc radio 5 live : it was rather funny because andy climbed into the box and was high fiving it with all his team . he started climbing off the box and i suddenly realised that he had not greeted his mother at all . so i shouted out andy and he looked up and i said : your mother . he replied oh and climbed back up and embraced her . whoever wins this year will not have to climb over the commentary box to get to their supporters as there is now a gate for players to walk through .:==:reigning champion andy murray , 27 , stormed to victory against south africa 's kevin anderson , 28 , on centre court . the action appeared to stir sir alex from an apparent slumber , after rain stopped play earlier this afternoon . rain halted play on all courts shortly before 2 pm , including centre court where the retractable roof was brought out . sophie , countess of wessex , sir cliff richard , sir richard branson and sir trevor mcdonald were in the royal box .

an alleged fraudster has been accused of posing as oprah winfrey , executives from her tv network , former obama aide reggie love and madonna 's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs , clothes , free food and jewelry worth $2.4 million . justin jackson , a florida man , has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies , or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels , according to court documents . jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love the college basketball star who went on to be the president 's personal assistant . con man : justin jackson , right , has been accused of pretending to be a host of celebrity linked characters in order to score freebies and jobs . angel agarrat , left , is also named in a florida lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people legal papers filed in a south florida federal court describe jackson waging an eight year trail of deceit in which he variously posed as oprah herself , oprah 's nephew , love , an executive at the oprah winfrey network , and managers of madonna and johnny depp . the earliest fraud , the papers said , saw jackson trick a new york city jeweler into lending him items worth $2.4 million by pretending to be madonna 's manager . he contacted a store in july 2007 and said she needed the lavish items for a photoshoot , the papers said . when he got the items , he reportedly sold them to another jeweler and fled . the court papers say he was convicted for grand theft over the ruse , but later dreamed up new celebrity linked schemes . the latest claims say jackson pretended to be oprah and her representatives in the hope of getting more freebies and even posed as the famous talk show host to recommend him for jobs . he allegedly sent letters on forged own stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in florida , recommending himself for work at the locations . impersonator : jackson is accused of sending messages purporting to be former obama aide reggie love , whom he said worked for oprah . the right hand photograph , court papers claim , was emailed from an email account allegedly belonging to johnny depp 's manager , asking for tickets to see oprah the papers claim some of the notes purportedly to be directly from oprah , while others claimed to be from love , who was signed off as the star 's executive assistant and personal aide . also named in the claims was angel agarrat , whom lawyers claim was also involved in the deception , and was subject of some of the bogus letters of recommendation for jobs . in one of the exchanges , jackson allegedly suggested that if he and agarrat were to be given work at the hotels , oprah would make a personal appearance there . one letter even claimed jackson was oprah 's nephew . love has never worked for oprah . other schemes allegedly saw jackson write to four different jewelry companies , as well as a clothe retailer , to get free goods allegedly meant for oprah . scheme : according to the claims , jackson signed some emails off as oprah , left , and others as scott garner , an executive at the oprah winfrey network the claims date from around september 2013 to the end of 2014 . the documents also say jackson has a history of pretending to be love , and had tried in 2010 to trade off love 's own name to get free designer clothes , handbags and cheesecake factory vouchers . in a final case , jackson own , love and scott garner , an executive at oprah 's company whose name was used , filed a joint suit against jackson and agarrat this week . it accuses the two of invasion of privacy , misappropriation of names , infringing trademarks and conspiracy . the documents ask that a judge files an injunction to stop the two using any of the false names , and also stakes a claim for financial damages . although no figures are specified , arguments in the court papers imply that the figure will be at least $75,000 .:==:justin jackson allegedly pretended to be celebrity linked characters . accused of sending messages to get expensive swag , or get hired in hotels . most brazen alleged scheme was in 2007 , when he made off with jewelry worth $2.4 million after saying he needed it for madonna photoshoot . now being sued in florida federal court by love and oprah 's tv network . jackson named alongside angel agarrat , another alleged fraudster .

bill clinton has had a number of glory days since he played church league basketball in arkansas . but in an interview on thursday , the former president reminisced about the unexpected high point in his athletic life . clinton called into the mike mike show on espn radio to talk about humana challenge pga tour event this weekend in california . the event is partly run by the clinton foundation and coincides with a clinton foundation summit on personal health . but the hosts , mike greenberg and mike golic , got the former president to talk about that time he almost dunked a basketball in a church league game . i was in a church league . i was not very good , i was too heavy . but i would run pretty well in short distances , clinton said . one night i was the leading scorer on our team . i scored 16 points in a church league game , never have before or since . he then added , and i nearly dunked a ball and i was only , at the time , six feet tall . i do not know what happened . it was just one of those magical nights . my hand got like right at the rim and i almost got the ball dunked in i figured maybe every human being on earth is granted one good day in a sports game . clinton has long been an avid sports fan and has remarked in the past that he watched more games while his wife , hillary clinton , was traveling for work as secretary of state . while in the white house , clinton also had the opportunity as all presidents do to congratulate and meet championship teams from the major u.s. sports leagues , something , he said , he really , really enjoyed . i had incredible encounters with some of the athletes that would say hilarious things to me , clinton said remembering those meetings . one football team , and i will not say with one , one of their greatest defensive players through his massive arm around me and he said , i may be the only person here who voted for you . i loved it clinton was also an avid golfer in the white house and recently took to defending president barack obama against heat he occasionally takes for golfing . the former president said the most star struck he was on the course was when he played two rounds with jack nicklaus , a legendary golfer with 18 career major wins . we played this one par 5 hole , clinton remembered . and i out drove jack nicklaus by a foot . he looks at me and i could tell he did not like it he continued : we were both on this par 5 hole in 2 and i was only eight feet away from an eagle . i had never had an eagle on a par 5 hole . ever . and i literally stubbed the putt . it was the worst put you could have imagined . jack nicholas looked at me and said , you did not think you were worthy of an eagle , did you ? i said , i guess not . he smiled and he said , you need to get over that . i will never forget that for as long as i live .:==:bill clinton reminisced about when he scored 16 points in church league basketball and almost dunked the ball . it was just one of those magical nights , he said , my hand got like right at the rim and i almost got the ball dunked in . clinton also spoke about how he got star struck while golfing with jack nicklaus and had funny encounters with championship teams at the white house .

a man walked into a catholic church and shot his father in law in the back of the head while his wife watched during mass on sunday as parishioners were lining up for communion , according to police . investigators say 35 year old charles richard jennings jr , from ogden , was captured on sunday afternoon in nearby box elder county after fleeing in a stolen pickup truck . witnesses say they heard one gunshot during the 11:30 am mass at saint james the just catholic church , and that parishioners immediately hit the floor , with people diving under pews for cover . suspect : charles richard jennings has been named as the gunman . jennings reportedly escaped the scene in a stolen a white 1996 gmc truck the victim was taken to mckay dee hospital in ogden , where he was listed in critical but stable condition . his name was not immediately released . police say the victim was deliberately targeted by the gunman and it was not a random act of violence . jennings reportedly escaped the scene in a stolen a white 1996 gmc truck . the owner of the truck , who did not want to be named , told police that jennings jumped over the fence into his yard in a state of distress and was hardly able to talk because he was breathing so heavily . the man was with his 19 month old daughter while his wife was sleeping indoors . he said to him : i need you to help me , and asked for the keys to his pickup truck . when he refused , jennings then allegedly took out his gun and said he did not want to hurt anyone . the man handed over his keys and cellphone and jennings fled . police were able to track jennings down after his family called police to tell them he had been in contact with them and wanted to turn himself in the reason for the shooting is not clear . saint james the just catholic church in ogden , utah : the shooting began just as sunday mass was getting underway rev erik richtsteig told deseret news that people in the congregation were really shaken up by what happened and described the ordeal as something no one should have to go through . the reverend said when the gunman left the church , some parishioners chased after him . nowhere is immune from evil and it is what people do when they are confronted with it that really shows their character , he said . i m really proud of my people here at the church . neighbor tammy roe told kutv she was shocked that jennings would do such a thing . he does not seem like that type of person , i was shocked . i never pictured him as someone who would kill someone . he was happy go lucky . she has lived next to the jennings for more than a decade and has no idea why he would want to shoot his father in law . jennings has previous convictions for burglary and drugs charges .:==:shooting happened during communion at church in ogden , utah .

many british workers won t consider moving jobs unless they can earn 20 per cent more , according to a new study . based on the average salary of £26,000 , that would mean an extra £5,200 . a third of employees said this would be the minimum they needed . only one in ten workers would be inspired to change jobs for a rise of less than five per cent , according to the survey by jobs website monster . many british workers won t consider moving jobs unless they can earn 20 per cent more , according to a new study stock image the firm s uk managing director , andy sumner , said : the desire for more money is a result of the jobs market improving . businesses should consider what their current staff are really worth . they need to do this to avoid losing them to bigger budget competitors . it was also revealed this week that british workers are happier with their jobs than french or italian workers , according to an international study from recruiters randstad . british people are the second most satisfied group of the four major european economies , as the economic recovery drives more opportunities for new roles and career progress . only one in ten workers would be inspired to change jobs for a rise of less than five per cent , according to the survey by jobs website monster in the poll 69 per cent of britons claiming fulfilment in their work environment , trailing only the germans 71 per cent . the french came in third with 66 per cent , and the italians fourth at 64 per cent . the surveys also revealed that job satisfaction in the uk has increased greatly since the start of 2010 , when levels were just 62 per cent , trailing france , italy and germany .:==:many british workers will not move jobs unless they are paid 20 per cent more . only one in ten workers would be inspired to change jobs for a rise of less than five per cent , according to the survey by jobs website monster .

they could be mistaken for an intricate lego display , or a pile of colourful milk crates stacked up high . but take a closer look and these mesmerising photographs show the vast scale of soaring apartment blocks in one of the most densely populated regions in the world hong kong . as home to a population of more than seven million crammed into an area measuring just 424 square miles , space on the island is at a premium . these mesmerising images by photographer peter stewart capture the sheer scale of the soaring apartment blocks in one of the world 's most densely populated cities hong kong with seven million people crammed into a city , which covers 424 square miles , space is at a premium and the only way to go is up the result is soaring skyscrapers towering above the city to provide enough homes for the vast population people live in apartments crammed into sky high tower blocks , their laundry spilling over balconies , which overlook one another it means that , when it comes to providing accommodation for hong kong 's huge population , the only way to go is up these optical illusions , captured by landscape photographer peter stewart , show the state in a totally different and colourful light . from a distance the images appear to depict giant lego constructions or stacks of crates piled high . but the bright colours are in fact the vast fascias of tower blocks across the area . the images reveal the densely packed apartments crammed into towering skyscrapers , with laundry spilling from barred windows and hanging over cramped balconies . mr stewart , said : photographing the hong kong skyline and suburbia has always been a dream of mine . a lot of people see high rise buildings as drab and an eyesore , but i look at them in the positive light and actually think they have a lot of appeal . whenever i look at the photo 's i wonder who is in that apartment , and what they are doing , and this just gives so much depth to the photo 's and i can sit looking at them for hours . mr stewart 's clever images turn what is a sprawling concrete jungle into a bright montage of colours the giant tower blocks come in all shapes and sizes , fitting as many homes as possible into the city 's 424 square miles from afar the images could be mistaken for an elaborate lego construction or milk crates stacked up high but on closer inspection the eye is drawn to the open windows , washing hanging from balconies and blinds partially drawn mr stewart said photographing the city had been a long held dream . whenever i look at the photos i wonder who is in that apartment , and what are they doing . i can sit and look at them for hours recent statistics show that hong kong has more skyscrapers than any other region in the world and has more buildings higher than 500 ft than any other place on the globe . high rise buildings are so common as they meet the demand for the ever growing population of the bustling chinese island , but such buildings do not always have a great aesthetic appeal . as some of the photo 's show , buildings are designed in such a way that they outlook onto other people 's balconies , in prisms blocked from most natural daylight . but , mr stewart 's work has captured the character , of the bustling communities who live in these cumbersome tenement blocks . he said : the architecture of the city is great and i love the angles , the clever design of the city how everything slots in to place . it s probably one of the most exciting cities i ve ever photographed in giant prisms of light beam through the blocks , slotted tightly together to create a concrete jungle mr stewart said photographing the landscape in hong kong had been a long held dream , adding : it s probably one of the most exciting cities i ve ever photographed recent statistics showed hong kong has more skyscrapers and more buildings taller than 500 ft than any other city in the world .:==:immense photographs capture the reality of living in one of the world 's most densely populated cities . bright apartment blocks soar above hong kong providing homes for the seven million people in the country . photographer peter stewart shines a positive light on the cramped conditions revealing the city 's bright landscape .

london art students have designed a bike helmet made from old newspapers to provide cheap and accessible head protection for people using boris bikes to navigate the capital . the students , from the royal college of art , hope that their disposable and eco friendly helmets will one day be available in vending machines and shops close to boris bike stations . the paper mache hats cost just £1 to produce and is waterproof for six hours , but it is not known how effective it would be in a collision . a group of students has come up with a design to make bike helmets out of london newspapers at a cost of just £1 to produce the students came up with the idea after noticing the number of discarded newspapers around the capital and decided that recycled paper , converted into paper mache , would be the most practical material for their disposable helmets the students came up with the idea after noticing the number of discarded newspapers around the capital and decided that recycled paper , converted into paper mache , would be the most practical material for their disposable helmets . tom gottelier , 25 , bobby petersen , 28 and edward thomas , 25 , began thinking about the safety of london cyclists having noticed people spontaneously using boris bikes never carried head protection . in their design , the discarded newspaper is turned into pulp mixed with adhesive and pigment before it is vacuum formed and heated to resemble the shape of helmet . straps can then be slotted into the grooves on the helmet 's criss crossed top before being fastened under the chin . the discarded newspaper is turned into pulp mixed with adhesive and pigment before it is vacuum formed and heated to resemble the shape of helmet the designers say these helmets can withstand a significant amount of pressure and hope that one day they will be available in vending machines and nearby shops next to boris bike stations as well as locations such as new york where the idea has recently been rolled out to mixed reviews . each helmet will cost under £1 to produce , will comply with en 10789 safety standards and , by using the same eco additive used to produce nhs wash bowls , will be fully waterproof for in excess of six hours . however they have not been tested in a collision . designer tom gottelier said : the idea to use paper pulp came about through standing around on tube platforms , sitting in buses and trains watching metro and evening standard newspapers blow around . the students , from the royal college of art , hope that their disposable and eco friendly helmets will one day be available in vending machines and shops close to boris bike stations we had previously seen what kind of structural integrity could be gained from moulding paper pulp and it seemed like a logical step to use this vast resource that currently circulates our public transport network . unlike the recycling of newspapers into new newspaper , which requires a lot of energy and bleaching in order to get the paper white enough again to print on , making helmets requires no artificial additives . the students said that by using the same waterproofing agent as used to make paper pulp wash bowls and buckets as well as natural dyes , they can produce the recyclable and biodegradable helmets for under £1 , using very little energy . straps can then be slotted into the grooves on the helmet 's criss crossed top before being fastened under the chin , as pictured . the designers say these helmets can withstand a significant amount of pressure mr gottelier said : our current helmets are 2 mm thick which already provides an amazing amount of strength and impact absorption , but the next prototype we are working on with an industrial partner we will be able to produce a helmet that is 9 mm thick . our overriding concept for the helmet is for it to be distributed in conjunction with the barclays bike hire scheme , with the price include in the hire of the bike . we agree that people should have a choice to use a helmet , but we do believe from the research that we have gathered that you are much better of wearing one , even if its 25 per cent more effective than not wearing one . twenty five per cent is something all of us would like to take . we believe that if the helmet is included in the price of the hire people are more likely to wear it .:==:art students in london have designed a disposable paper mache helmet to provide cheap and accessible head protection for people using boris bikes . the students , from the royal college of art , hope their disposable and eco friendly helmets will come as part the bike rental . the helmet is a prototype and costs just £1 to make . the designers say it can withstand a significant amount of pressure but admit they do not know how effective it would be in a crash .

one moment jen whitelam was opening her front door , holding her daughter s hand to take her out for the day . the next , she was sprinting back through the house with her child as a 32 ton lorry careered towards them . the young mother described the terrifying moment she saw the driverless truck heading for her front door – and how she outran it as it smashed into her home . the kitchen , where she had been feeding 23 month old bella a few minutes earlier , was demolished . seconds from death : jennifer whitelam , 23 , dived for safety with her daughter bella , when this out of control truck rolled towards her front door as she was leaving miss whitelam , 23 , was halfway out of her front door with bella at 8.40 am when she saw the lorry . it was literally seconds away , she said . if i hadn t opened the front door i wouldn t have seen it to see it coming towards us was terrifying . bella was stood next to me holding my hand . i didn t have time to pick her up , i just dragged her to the back of the house . as we started to run , the sound of it coming through the wall was like nothing i have ever heard before . the force of the crash demolished miss whitelam s home in swadlincote , derbyshire , and crushed her £8,000 ford focus car which was parked on the driveway as the vehicle came through . shock : jen whitelam , 23 , with her daughter bella inside her two bedroom property where the truck left a huge hole in the wall wreckage : jen 's kitchen where she was eating breakfast five minutes before the lorry crashed in through the side of her rented two bedroom property in swadlincote , derbyshire damage : a large hole the truck punched in the side of the property . it could be christmas before jen is allowed back into her rented home her lucky escape came after the driver got out of the vehicle and forgot to apply the handbrake . the part time dental assistant , added that she believes she and her daughter would have died had the crash happened minutes earlier . the house was shaking and it was awful , she said . the first thing it hit was my car , it totally smashed it and then it came through the kitchen . we had been eating breakfast there a few minutes before . if we had been five minutes longer , we would have been dead . it s a good job my car was out there , i think that slowed it down . otherwise it might have come through to the room where we were hiding . wrecked : jen 's £8,000 ford focus which was crushed by the truck as it rolled towards her property boarded up : jen was walking out of the front door , right , when she saw the lorry rolling towards her so dashed to the back of the house wreckage : the hole has been boarded up and jen was forced to live in a hotel for three weeks while alternative living arrangements were made for her miss whitelam s sister , rebekah , 20 , was in the living room of the house and also managed to scramble away to safety . the crash caused £69,000 damage and the single mother and her daughter had to live in a hotel for three weeks afterwards . they have now been warned they will not be able to return to the house before christmas as repairs are carried out . the lorry company , jb tool and plant hire , is negotiating with miss whitelam s landlord a figure to cover the damage . pete cox , manager at jb tool and plant hire , claimed that the company had reminded its drivers never to get out of their lorries without putting up the handbrake . he added : it s one of those things . it is unfortunate and we apologised at the time . we have done everything we can do the blundering lorry driver has apparently been disciplined by his employers . breakfast time horror : jennifer , 23 , holding her daughter bella outside her property with her sister rebekah , who was also inside when the accident happened damage : a hole in the ceiling following the accident in swadlincote , derbyshire battered : damage to a wall in one of the bedrooms following the crash which happened just after jen , 23 , had breakfast with her daughter .:==:jen whitelam , 23 , ran for cover with her daughter bella , one , when she spotted the lorry rolling towards her house . mother and daughter managed to scramble to safety just in time . the unmanned truck crashed into the side of her two bedroom property after the handbrake was left off .

the mother of a 13 year old boy told how he scrubbed himself in the shower for weeks after he had sex at a swingers party . and she criticised the justice system after three of four defendants were cleared at swansea crown court of inciting him to engage in sexual activity . she said the verdicts had shocked the family . the mother , who cannot be named for legal reasons , said : i cannot really put into words how i feel . emmanie hughes , 31 , brian ecclestone , 32 , and peter sweetman , 32 , pictured at swansea crown court on april 2 , were all cleared of inciting the 13 year old to engage in sexual activity with hughes iwan walker , 24 , saron , llandysul , pictured here outside swansea crown court on april 2 , 2013 , was the only one of the four to be jailed . he received four years after the jury accepted he knew the boy was only 13 i ve always had faith in the justice system , but not now . i do not feel the jury made the right decision . i m fuming . i do not think anyone realises how it has affected my son or even how it is still affecting him . he is not taken it very well . he was scrubbing himself in the shower for weeks and weeks afterwards . all hours of the day he would be scrubbing himself with boiling hot water . i cannot believe that anyone thought he looked over 16 . he did not look over 16 when this happened two and a half years ago . iwan walker , 24 , of saron , llandysul , was the only one of the four defendants to be found guilty . the jury accepted that he knew the boy 's real age . walker was found guilty of inciting the boy to have sex with emmanie louise angela hughes , 31 , of wind street , llandysul and was jailed for four years . emmanie hughes admitted having sex with the boy but said she thought he was of legal age the boy 's mother said she blamed walker for what happened . the mother said she wanted people to know that despite hughes , brian james ecclestone , 32 , of wind street , llandysul , and peter sweetman , also 32 , of cawdor terrace , newcastle emlyn , west wales being cleared , they had all admitted that hughes and the youngster had sex and the two other men had been present . and she added : to be fair to the judge , he made the point that people should not think this sort of thing can just happen to girls . i was a bit naive about it as well , but this can happen to boys as well . brian ecclestone , peter sweetman , and emmanie hughes during the trial earlier this month sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .:==:mother is fuming at jury 's wrong decision to clear three of four accused . iwan walker , 24 , was jailed for four years because he knew boy 's real age . the others admitted hughes had sex with the boy but denied knowing age . mother says son is not dealing with it well , more than two years on .

police are searching for the body of a florida woman who they believe drowned in a river after apparently being pushed into the water by her boyfriend . witnesses told deputies that the victim , an african american female in her late teens , was hesitant to jump , because she could not swim , but she was pushed off a bridge in florida . the woman who has not yet been identified , was standing on morgan park bridge in arcadia , on sunday with her boyfriend , who has been identified as 28 year old mark allan huntley . disappeared : the woman who has not yet been identified , was standing on morgan park bridge in arcadia , on sunday with her boyfriend other park goers began jumping into the peace river to escape the summer heat , according to sam williamson , chief deputy of the desoto county sheriff s department , according to abc news . when the woman did not re surface after being pushed into the water , huntley and another man later identified as andrew skevington , jumped in after her . although she briefly managed to grab a pylon , she then disappeared underwater and hasn t been seen since , mr williamson said . according to the arrest report , seen by wink news , after being unable to save the struggling victim they gathered up her possessions and left . authorities found huntley hitchhiking along highway 70 , trying to get back to tampa . when the woman did not re surface after being pushed into the water , a man thought to be her boyfriend , mark allan huntley , left , and another man later identified as andrew skevington , right , jumped in after her what started out as a playful type thing on the bridge turned into manslaughter because they pushed this girl who couldn t swim into the river , williamson said . it was maybe an accident and now is more sinister . huntley is on probation on charges from hillsborough county and will be charged with manslaughter and violation of probation . andrew skevington , the third person involved , has been arrested and charged with manslaughter . the 28 year old suspect was with the woman when she and huntley jumped from the bridge . sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons .:==:the woman who has not yet been identified , was an african american female in her late teens , but her body has not yet been found . boyfriend 28 year old mark allan huntley has since been arrested .

the playstation gaming console wrapped up its second decade on wednesday , and sony celebrated by looking to the past . the japanese tech giant announced that a limited edition 20 th anniversary playstation 4 will be released soon . the console will be gray , like the first playstation released december 3 , 1994 in japan . it will include other imagery like the iconic four color playstation logo that harks back to the system 's history . the mid 90 s were an exciting time for game developers , driven by the explosion of powerful but affordable 3 d graphics rendering hardware and the birth of many young and adventurous development studios , shuhei yoshida , president of sony computer entertainment worldwide studios , wrote in the post on the playstation blog . the original playstation was meant to embody that sense of adventure and discovery , that sense that anything was possible . the playstation sold a then unheard of 100,000 units in its first weekend and hit 1 million units in six months , according to sony . only 12,300 units of the 20 th anniversary ps4 will be released , according to a video on the blog post . pre orders will begin saturday , and details about how to vie for one of the handful of slots will come during a keynote presentation from playstation experience , a fan and developer expo being held in las vegas . the keynote will be saturday at 1 pm et to celebrate the 20 th anniversary , we assembled a gallery of images of the playstation , and the people who love it , from the past two decades . take a look , and let us know what you think in the comments below .:==:the sony playstation was launched in japan on december 3 , 1994 . sony is releasing a limited edition 20 th anniversary playstation 4 . only 12,300 of the units will be sold .