the family of a blind stroke patient who died from pneumonia after being left outside in the pouring rain by bungling hospital nurses has received a payout from the nhs . frank kelly , 79 , was wearing just his pyjamas when nurses lost him and he was left in a car park outside worcestershire royal hospital in december 2010 . the retired farmer developed pneumonia and died three months later . his family have now received an undisclosed payout from the nhs after reaching an out of court settlement . poor treatment : frank kelly , 79 , died of pneumonia three months after nurses left him outside worcester royal hospital wearing just pyjamas in the rain apology : worcestershire royal hospital has apologised for mr kelly 's poor treatment during his five month stay at the hospital and his family has received an undisclosed payout from the nhs they also received an apology after it emerged the incident was just one in a catalogue of errors during mr kelly 's five month stay at the hospital . the retired farmer was admitted to worcestershire royal hospital in november 2010 after suffering a second stroke which left him blind . but the family soon took up a 24 hour rota at his bedside after being shocked by the appalling care he received from doctors and nurses . on one visit to the hospital , frank 's son martin , 51 , found his father stood in the middle of the car park wearing nothing but his sodden pyjamas on a rainy day in december 2010 . it later emerged he had wandered into the car park after the nurses who were moving him to a new ward lost him . care : the family of mr kelly , pictured being shaved by his son matthew while in hospital , say staff were too busy to acre for their father and frequently failed to feed him dinner time : mr kelly 's family visited him every day to feed him after being shocked at the appalling care at worcestershire royal hospital martin said : when i turned up to see my dad in the car park , i was stunned , i could not believe it i stopped the car , raced over and told him i was there . it s so sad to think that he worked his whole life and when it came to it , he could not even get decent hospital care . we all believe that with better care we could have had dad home again . in february 2011 , just a few months after being left in the car park in the middle of winter , frank died . frank kelly was admitted to the hospital in november 2010 after suffering a second stroke martin , from st john 's in worcester , yesterday said the incident was part of a long running series of mistreatment that bordered on cruelty and a breach of his human rights . martin and the rest of his family received a financial settlement from the hospital after one of frank 's own medical team advised them to take action . martin added : he was not fed properly , they did not seem to realise that he was blind . we had to take in food every day . he was dehydrated all the time and the communication on the wards was just appalling . we were begging for help but he was never given a chance . the hospital has admitted a total failure of care and that dad had an awful slice of the cake . we did not do this for any financial reasons , we did it to try and highlight the failings and ensure this sort of thing does not happen to anyone else . we have been told it is improving but we are not convinced and we do fear what sort of care we would get if we were ever unfortunate enough to need them again . he added that the health system had too many managers in suits at the expense of nurses devoted to care . in a letter to frank 's widow anne , 78 , chief executive penny venables said : i am acutely conscious that these improvements came too late to positively influence your father 's experience and that is a matter of deep regret . i can fully understand how angry and frustrated you must have felt about the care he received at the time and how painful it must have been for you to witness his suffering . i have taken their concerns extremely seriously and am determined that standards across the trust will continue to be raised . let down : members of the kelly family , from left are brothers martin , brian , matthew and frank 's widow anne , with their letter of apology from the health authority everyone is committed to providing the highest quality care for all patients and striving to continuously improve the care we offer . ms venables added : i have met with mr kelly s family to discuss with them the concerns that they have raised . i have also written to them to apologise for the care he was given . i have taken their concerns extremely seriously and am determined that standards across the trust will continue to be raised . everyone at worcestershire acute hospitals nhs trust is committed to providing the highest quality care for all patients and striving to continuously improve the care we offer . we have invited mr kelly s family to visit the ward where he was treated to see for themselves the improvements that have been made . i realise that it may be too soon for them to visit but the offer will remain open to them in the future . happier times : frank pictured smiling with his wife anne in 2002 before he suffered his first stroke .:==:retired farmer frank kelly was left in a hospital car park in just his pyjamas . his son found him outside in the rain when he arrived for his daily visit . mr kelly died of pneumonia three months after the incident in dec 2010 . his family received payout and apology from worcestershire royal hospital .

texas billionaire allen stanford was taken into custody thursday night on a fraud related charge in stafford , virginia , the fbi said . allen stanford , right , poses with his antigua cricket team in november 2008 . fbi supervisory special agent m a myers would not provide further details on stanford 's arrest , but his attorney , dick deguerin , told cnn that stanford had surrendered to agents . stanford , accused of a $9.2 billion fraud by u.s. regulators , denied all wrongdoing in a tearful interview in april during which he threatened to punch his questioner in the mouth . i would die and go to hell if it is a ponzi scheme , stanford , who was ranked at no 205 in forbes magazine 's list of 400 richest americans with assets of more than $2 billion , told abc news . the assets of stanford and his financial groups , based in antigua and the caribbean , are frozen while the u.s. securities and exchange commission investigates allegations he ran a massive ponzi scheme , a pyramid scheme in which new investors money is stolen to pay profits to existing clients . during his abc interview , stanford complained that he had to fly commercial airlines after the federal government confiscated his six private jets . they make you take your shoes off and everything , he said . it is terrible . stanford threatened to punch the interviewer when he was questioned about reported links to alleged money laundering for a mexican drug cartel , charges he vehemently denied with the threat before backing down . before his arrest , stanford faced an array of civil claims . he and his wife owe back taxes , penalties and interest of at least $226.5 million , the irs said in court documents filed in dallas , texas , last march . the final total could be even higher because the stanfords have not filed their income tax return for 2007 . the irs says they owe $110 million in back taxes , $55.8 million in penalties and $60.7 million in interest for the 1999 through 2003 tax years . the securities and exchange commission has said that stanford was behind a fraud of shocking magnitude . fbi agents served stanford with sec papers accusing him and three of his companies of orchestrating a $9.2 billion investment fraud scheme . with the filing , the irs joins thousands of other creditors in the case who are seeking a crack at stanford 's remaining assets . in february antiguan and barbudan regulators took control of stanford 's financial institutions on the twin island nation , a day after federal agents served the texas businessman with papers accusing him of running an investment fraud scheme . in a complaint filed in february in federal court in dallas , texas , the securities and exchange commission accused stanford international bank of using a network of financial advisers to sell about $8 billion of certificates of deposit to investors . the bank boasted it had a unique investment strategy that had allowed it to reap double digit returns on its investments for the previous 15 years , the sec said . the civil complaint alleged an additional scheme relating to $1.2 billion in sales . stanford 's bank claimed its network had $51 billion in deposits and assets under management or advisement , with more than 70,000 clients in 140 countries . the allegations against stanford and his companies sparked runs on stanford banks in antigua and in venezuela , where the government took over the local subsidiary in february after it recorded extraordinary withdrawals , according to venezuela 's superintendent of banks . the sec complaint also named james davis , sib 's chief financial officer laura pendergest holt , chief investment officer of stanford financial group and investment adviser stanford capital management . stanford , who sponsored a cricket team and series of matches in antigua , had his ties to the sport severed earlier this year when the england and wales cricket board announced it would not play any further stanford twenty20 matches in antigua as well as shelving plans for the quadrangular twenty20 events . under the deal struck between the ecb and financier stanford last summer , england were due to play four further $20 million matches in the caribbean , while the proposed quadrangular events were scheduled to take place annually from 2009 to 2011 , with each edition worth around $9 million .:==:texas billionaire allen stanford is taken into custody on a fraud related charge . stanford 's attorney says his client surrendered to agents . forbes magazine names stanford the 205 th richest american in 2008 .

five things kill more people in the united states than anything else : heart disease , cancer , lung disease such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis , stroke and unintentional injuries such as those on roads or caused by medication overdoses . together , these five conditions because almost two thirds of all deaths in the country nearly 900,000 each year . on thursday , the centers for disease control and prevention is releasing its first report on potentially preventable deaths from those causes in each one of the 50 states . the data suggest we could prevent at least a third of those deaths . we already know how to do it now we need to act on what we know . whether it is by investing resources , using proven strategies or coordinating with health care systems , we have within our communities the strengths to help people live long and healthy lives . even identifying and focusing on just one issue that can be addressed in each community will make a difference . the greatest impact comes when we make the default choice the healthy choice for example , making heart healthy actions part of the normal course of everyday life . cdc : 200,000 people die needlessly every year we can make it easier for people to be physically active , avoid tobacco and have access to affordable , healthy food . we can make it easier for people to get recommended clinical preventive services such as blood pressure management and cancer screening , and to have access to good quality health care when it is needed . and we can make it so that our children are likely to reach adulthood without being addicted to nicotine or facing a potentially lifelong struggle with obesity . here are some examples of communities making a difference : • in san francisco , 44,000 children have access to safe recreational space because public school playgrounds are now open during nonschool hours . • nearly 700,000 residents of broward county , florida , can increase their level of physical activity because their community is improving the safety and accessibility of walking , riding bikes and using public transportation . these are just two examples of success stories , large and small , that make the healthy choice easy . the million hearts initiative , launched by the department of health and human services in 2011 , brings together communities , health systems , nonprofit organizations , federal agencies and private sector partners to prevent heart attacks and strokes . americans suffer 2 million heart attacks and strokes each year , which because one in every three deaths and add more than $300 billion to our annual health care bill . million hearts will reduce these human and economic costs by improving care for high blood pressure and high cholesterol , helping patients quit smoking and increasing use of aspirin for those who will benefit from it tobacco remains the leading preventable because of death in this country and in the world . tobacco use is a major factor in four out of the five leading causes of death : heart disease , cancer , lung disease and stroke . it causes about a third of heart disease and cancer , and most emphysema . getting the last 20 of americans who still smoke to quit will make a huge difference in the length and quality of their lives . most people in this country who smoke started as kids , most who have ever smoked have already quit , and most current smokers want to quit . we know it can kill us : why people still smoke we can prevent children from starting to smoke , help motivate smokers to quit and protect nonsmokers from secondhand smoke by working at federal , state and local levels to eliminate loopholes in restrictions on tobacco marketing , pricing and products , and by expanding smoke free regulations that cover all public places and workplaces without exception . this kind of change requires political will , especially when faced with vocal and well organized opponents funded by the tobacco industry . we have learned from health systems around the country that big improvements can come from simple measures that focus clinical attention . these include effective use of electronic health records to identify and track the progress of patients who need support , team based care and the use of protocols and prompt data feedback . change is never easy . but each year we do not act adds tens of thousands of preventable deaths to the toll . we owe it to the american people to do better .:==:heart disease , cancer and lung disease are among the top five u.s. killers . those five because nearly two thirds of deaths in the country . new data suggest about a third of those can be prevented . we need to act on what we know , says cdc director .

a new lebanese government was announced saturday by suhail bawji , secretary general of lebanon 's council of ministers . he announced the formation of the new cabinet and named the new ministers in a televised news conference . the new government brings months of political infighting to an end following prime minister najib mikati 's resignation in march 2013 . tammam salam was named in a presidential decree as the head of the new government , the state news agency nna reported . another presidential decree accepted salam 's suggested cabinet and named the new ministers , while a third formally accepted mikati 's resignation . there have been increased tensions in lebanon in recent months , where sectarian divisions reflect those in neighboring war torn syria , and a number of explosions have rocked the capital . mikati urged the lebanese people last month to overcome their differences and engage in dialogue or see the situation worsen .:==:a new government is announced , bringing to an end 10 months of uncertainty . tammam salam is named as the new head of government . the president formally accepts najib mikati 's resignation as prime minister . lebanon has witnessed increasing tensions in recent months .

it was shot into space six months ago , with the promise that the finder would be able to keep the £12,000 prize . but when a sparkling diamond lost contact with a gps signal it was thought to have been lost forever , leaving dozens of disappointing hunters in its wake . and married couple allan and pat bell now have their inquisitive dog to thank for finding the perfect christmas present while out on a walk in lincolnshire the missing 1.14 carat diamond . allan bell and his dog rosie found a 1.14 carat diamond in lincolnshire that had been fired into space the diamond was sent into space as part of a pr stunt and was launched into the air in august this year the couple also almost missed their chance to claim the diamond after mr bell first left the box , thinking it was too much hassle to remove . he then raced back when he remembered what it was . the rock was shot into the air as part of a pr stunt in august . it was put in a helium balloon which was expected to pop when the precious cargo reached 100,000 ft , causing it to fall down back to the earth . however as it fell , attached to a distinctive orange parachute , the gps signal was lost and the precious gemstone appeared to have vanished . mr bell , 75 , was out walking his two dogs , springer spaniel rosie and dylan , a saluki cross , along a country path in the village of brattleby , lincolnshire , when rosie got scent of something and quickly ran under a hedge . mr bell , a retired lorry driver , said rosie was scrabbling about for 10 minutes before dragging a package attached to a limp orange parachute out of the hedgerow on december 23 . the pensioner said : i was walking rosie and dylan along a country path and nosey rosie suddenly darted under a hedge and got a hold of something big . she took about 10 minutes dragging it our from under the hedge and i saw that it was covered in mud and leaves . the precious gemstone was launched attached to a helium balloon and orange parachute and was meant to float back to earth so it could be found , but as it descended the gps signal with the craft was lost mr and mrs bell have just celebrated their 25 th wedding anniversary and will probably sell the diamond i did not fancy carrying it for the rest of the walk , so decided to leave it until we walked back along the road on our way home . it was not until about 30 minutes later that mr bell realised it could be the diamond everyone was searching for and he dashed back to the hedge to retrieve the package . he added : i looked a bit closer and saw the package had an orange parachute underneath it and details of who to contact written on it and i knew it must be the diamond . i got back to the car and drove home to open it up in a state of some excitement . the diamond was thought to have landed within a five mile radius of the village of lea in lincolnshire about 10 miles from brattleby in august and thousands of treasure hunters flocked to the area to search for the valuable gem with no success . when mr bell got home he told his wife of 25 years , pat and they opened the box to find the diamond inside and a number to call . mr bell said his dog rosie , a springer spaniel , got a scent for something and pulled the diamond from a bush the diamonds were launched in august with the promise that whoever found the box could keep the gems mrs bell called bosses at 77 diamonds , which organised the stunt , telling them her husband had found the missing sparkler under a hedge . she was congratulated on the find , but has yet to decide on whether to have the 1.14 carat diamond set in a ring or sell it she said : an and i have kept our eyes open since the diamond went missing , but everyone was looking for the diamond around the village of lea , so allan never expected to find it in brattleby , which is about 10 miles away . i could not believe it when we opened it up you could have knocked me down with a feather . i suppose if i led a glamorous lifestyle i would be wearing it out and about in all the best places , but i do not lead a rip roaring lifestyle , so such a beautiful diamond might be wasted on me an got me a lovely bracelet for my christmas , but this diamond has trumped it just a bit the box was launched from a remote village in derbyshire and was expected to descend hours later but the diamond failed to return where it was expected and was thought to have been lost the couple are planning to sell the diamond and go on a mediterranean cruise to celebrate their silver wedding anniversary . mr bell , who worked as a lorry driver for 44 years , said rosie and dylan would be getting a special treat , adding : both the dogs will get something special . i imagine a rib eye steak would go down well it is the least they deserve . bruce linegar , a member of lea parish council and a former policeman for the village , said excitement had swept through the village when news got out about the diamond in august . the £12,000 diamond was hand picked for its brilliance and sparkle and is a modified cushion brilliant cut , similar to the engagement rings of kim kardashian and jessica biel . bosses at 77 diamonds , which takes its name from the first ever diamond engagement ring given by archduke maximilian i of austria to mary of burgundy in 1477 , say the stunt was to raise awareness of the firm 's access to 80 per cent of the world 's finest polished diamonds . the diamond is similar to the sparkling engagement rings worn by jessica biel and kim kardashian tobias kormind , co founder of 77 diamonds said : having launched the diamond into space back in august we were starting to doubt whether it would ever be found . it really captured the imagination of the nation at the time and we were overwhelmed by the thousands of people who joined in the treasure hunt to find it we were very surprised to receive the call from pat after so many months of searching and just find it even more remarkable that it should be discovered at christmas . this , coupled with the fact that pat and her husband allan are celebrating their 25 th wedding anniversary makes it even more wonderful . we hope they get great pleasure from the diamond and enjoy recounting their exciting story of discovered treasure .:==:a 1.14 carat diamond was shot into space in august , attached to a balloon . the helium balloon was meant to pop , and the diamond and parachute it was attached to was then to float back to earth but the gps signal was lost . allan bell was walking dogs in brattleby , lincolnshire , on december 23 . his springer spaniel then picked up a scent and pulled out the container . mr bell left the gem at first and then ran back , realising it was the diamond . it is worth £12,000 and mr bell and wife are planning to sell the gemstone .

a 21 year old florida woman was so wounded by the end of a two week relationship that police say she threatened to hurt her now former boyfriend . authorities say brittney klemka texted her ex when the relationship ended and told him she was going to come to his hgme and beat him up she even tried to recruit one more person into the planned assault , daytona beach cops said . authorities say brittney klemka texted her ex when the relationship ended and told him she was going to come to his hgme and beat him up dating back to 2011 , she been arrested several times for dui charges , drug possession , and battery the daily news reports that the unidentified boyfriend had messaged police saying klemka wanted to mess him up it was not her first encounter with the law . dating back to 2011 , she been arrested several times for dui charges , drug possession , and battery . jail records indicate she has since been released after her latest incident on tuesday she was booked into the volusia county jail on charges of making threats to kill or do bodily harm . jail records indicate she has since been released .:==:authorities say brittney klemka texted her ex when the relationship ended and told him she was going to come to his home and beat him up she even tried to recruit one more person into the planned assault , daytona beach police said . on tuesday she was booked into the volusia county jail on charges of making threats to kill or do bodily harm .

roy hodgson will hand harry kane his england debut at wembley on friday evening — but the indications are that it will be off the bench . kane , who is man of the moment after scoring 19 goals in the barclays premier league for tottenham this season , will play some part in the euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania . england s head coach is expected to play captain wayne rooney at the tip of a three man attack that will include raheem sterling and danny welbeck . harry kane is likely to play a role for england in their euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania on friday indications are though that kane second right will be call upon to make an impact from the bench england manager roy hodgson says kane will make his entry into full international football this week kane with from left andros townsend , nathaniel clyne , raheem sterling , danny welbeck and ryan mason the likely line u.s.for friday night 's clash between england and lithuania at wembley england have won all four of their qualifying matches so far in group e and have a six point lead england have won their opening four group games and hodgson does not want to u.s.t the side s rhythm . phil jones is expected to start in place of phil jagielka , with fabian delph and michael carrick starting alongside jordan henderson in the centre of midfield . but a knee injury may force james milner to wait until tuesday s friendly with italy . left back leighton baines will return to everton after the lithuania clash and will be replaced by southampton s ryan bertrand . england captain wayne rooney appears set to lead a three man attack against lithuania ever reliable speedster danny welbeck will likely join his former manchester united team mate in the xi raheem sterling will complete the attacking three for hodgson that kane will join at some stage in the game .:==:england face lithuania in their euro 2016 group e qualifier on friday . harry kane is set to make his first appearance in a senior england side . wayne rooney , raheem sterling and danny welbeck to start up front .

it could be a missing persons wall set up after a natural disaster or even some kind of art installation . but these rows upon rows of flyers are actually part of a marriage market where chinese parents come to find prospective husbands and wives for their children . every saturday and sunday between noon and 5 pm , regardless of the weather , the people 's park in shanghai is crowded with mothers and fathers studying the lonely hearts messages that adorn the grounds . on the walls of the avenues , on trees and on washing lines , hundreds of resumes are hung by parents often without the knowledge of their children . setting their stall out : parents study rows upon rows of adverts at the marriage market in shanghai in the hope of finding potential brides or grooms for their children laying it all out : parents hang flyers in the people 's park detailing the vital statistics of their offspring , including height , age , income , education and zodiac sign on them they reveal the vital statistics of their offspring , including their height , age , income , education , chinese zodiac sign and whether they own a car or an apartment . the parents walk around chatting with other parents to see if there is a match only after their children 's standards are met . shanghai marriage market is like online dating in a non virtual setting . although the right to choose your own spouse has long been established in china , chinese parents still feel the need to try and set their children up because they feel that their children are either too busy or are not actively looking . arranged a marriage : parents walk around chatting with other parents to see if there is a harmonious match for their children while studying the lonely hearts adverts dreaming of mariage : a young woman looks for a potential husband . the shanghai marriage market is just one of many such dating events in china traditionally , parents arranged their children 's marriages . the first step is to establish contact between the parents on both sides and if the parents agree to contact , then they will allow their children to go further . many young people find the idea embarrassing , but for their parents it is the last resort and the only way to uphold a traditional dating style for their children in modern china . marriage patterns have changed over the years in china . taking notes : shanghai marriage market is like online dating in a non virtual setting , but some describe it as a match.com meets farmer 's market blind date : hundreds of resumes and messages are hung on walls and trees by parents often without the knowledge of their children information exchange : parents study adverts in the hope of pairing their children up with the offspring of other mothers and fathers at the park the young generation in their 20 s and 30 s are generally in less of a hurry to get married , for there are more pressing matters such as careers . well educated women in china have more options than women in past generations and are not afraid to put their career first . this change in marriage ideology puts the women in a higher position of power within a traditionally male dominated society . this is compounded by the fact that the sex ratio in china has remained abnormally askew for nearly three decades following china 's launch of its one child policy . china has traditionally been a patriarchal society and medical advances have also allowed more parents to choose to have a boy . dozens of posters hang in the park revealing details about the single children including height , age , income , education and whether they own a car or an apartment this shift means that by 2020 , the country will have approximately 24 million unmarried men who cannot find wives , according to recent studies . to give that figure some perspective , that is more than the current female populations of taiwan and south korea combined . but the tables could easily turn against the women . the shanghai marriage market is just one of several such open sky marriage markets in china and despite the thousands of parents that visit the market over a weekend , success rate remains low . many parents reportedly have to return , month after month , year after year . marriage takes a back seat : well educated women in china have more options than women in past generations and are not afraid to put their career first .:==:mothers and fathers descend on shanghai park every week in the hope of finding perfect a match for their children . parents hang flyers on walls , washing lines and the trees often without the knowledge of their sons and daughters . they reveal vital statistics of their offspring , including income , education , zodiac sign and whether they own a car .

star witness : mary quin is set to take the stand this week in the federal trial against terror preacher abu hamza . quin recorded hamza confessing to a terror plot she was the victim of in 1998 a tech ceo is set to take the stand this week as a star witness in the trial against terror preacher abu hamza . new zealand born mary quin , 59 , was part of a group of 16 who were kidnapped crossing the desert in yemen in 1998 . quin , now the ceo of callaghan innovation , made it out alive , but four in her group died and she vowed revenge against the person responsible . her quest eventually led her to hamza , when she confronted him at his mosque in finsbury park , london . her recording of their meeting is one of the key points of evidence as the u.s. seeks to put the islamic cleric behind bars for life on 11 terrorism charges . quin described the terrifying hostage situation , and her quest to bring the person responsible to justice , in her book kidnapped in yemen . in the book , quin writes that she and 15 others were crossing the desert in yemen when all of a sudden a heavily armed group of men wearing masks ambushed them and took away their passports . a few hours later , a group of vehicles approached and quin hoped a deal had been struck to secure their release . however , the group of vehicles were actually government troops who started a firefight with the terrorists . justice : hamza was extradited to the u.s. in october 2012 and is currently facing 11 terrorism charges . he previously preached at a mosque in london 's finsbury park . pictured above in court on april 14 the ensuing fight resulted in the death of four of the hostages , including brits margaret whitehouse and ruth williamson . memoir : quin wrote about being ambushed by a terror group in her book kidnapped in yemen after about an hour of gunfire , the man guarding quin was injured and she went to seize his kalashnikov . i want that gun , you little b , quin bravely yelled at him , before running to safety with the yemeni troops . after that harrowing day , quin focused on whoever was responsible for the deadly kidnapping , studying news reports and speaking with diplomats , fbi agents and the ex prime minister of yemen . the name that always came up was abu hamza , whose associate abu hassan led the group . when she figured out that he preached at a mosque in london 's finsbury park , quin decided to ask him about his role in the plan . first she sent emails , but when he did not reply she decided to fly to london and see him in person . she nervously waited in a pub across the street from the mosque for him to arrive . when she finally saw him approach the building , quin admits that she was overwhlemed with the feeling that she should leave . but quin pushed on and stopped the preacher in his tracks . my name is mary quin , she said . i arrived from america this morning in the hope of speaking with you . did you read the emails i sent ? hamza agreed to speak with her for 15 minutes the following sunday and when she showed up , quin was surprised to find hamza in his office with four small children sitting on the floor nearby . hamza quickly launched into a tirade about algeria , but quin stopped his rant by confessing that she was one of the tourists taken hostage in 1998 . i am surprised that you would have come here , hamza said smiling . very surprised . hamza has long been a reviled figure in the uk where he was reported to have cost taxpayers â£2.75 million pounds in welfare and council housing . pictured above preaching outside of his london mosque in march 2004 quin then asked if it was ok to record their chat , and hamza surprisingly agreed . on tape , he admitted to providing hassan with a satellite phone and to being in contact with him during the ambush . the plan was to exchange the tourists for terror suspects , including hamza 's son and step son . he said he regretted the way things turned out , and that the team was ordered to keep the hostages alive and safe . we never thought it would be that bad , he said . what was supposed to be a quick 15 minute talk ended up lasting nearly an hour . at the end of the meeting , quin says she thanked hamza for his time and asked if she could follow up with him in the future if he had more questions . he gave me his mobile phone number , quin says . the 56 year old preacher has long been a reviled figure in the uk , where he preached a strict interpretation of islam at his mosque . ah likes those who believe in him who kill those who not believe in him . alla likes that . so if you muslims do not like that because you hate the blood , there is something wrong with you , he once said in a sermon . he also is estimated to have cost britain â£2.75 million in welfare payments and council housing . he was extradicted in october 2012 to face charges in the u.s.:==:mary quin was kidnapped along with 15 others on a trip to yemen in 1998 . after surviving the ambush , quin set out to find the person responsible . she confronted islamic preacher abu hamza at his mosque in london 's finsbury park and spoke with him for nearly an hour . hamza allowed quin to record their talk , during which he confessed to organizing the plot . that recording is being used as a vital piece of evidence in the u.s. federal case against hamza . quin is set to take the stand sometime this week .

the tv actress who disappeared from her new york city apartment has been found safe four days after she went missing . no other information was immediately available on where mabel pantaleon was found late thursday , though she appeared to be unharmed . she was last seen at 9 am on sunday at her apartment in manhattan . her mother said she was on medication but suspected she may have stopped taking it after she was acting strangely right before her disappearance . budding fame : actress mabel pantaleon , 31 , disappeared from her manhattan home on sunday and has not been heard from since mystery disappearance : miss pantaleon came runner up in the miss latina new york usa pageant in 2003 on thursday night , the new york daily news quoted police sources as saying miss pantaleon had been found safe . sylvia pantaleon told abc news : she was staying with me she saw something on the internet and got very u.s.t , and she started saying a lot of weird things . she said , i am leaving from here , all of you are terrorists , you are not my mother . i knew it was not her . miss pantaleon , who left a nursing program at new york city college of technology to pursue acting , has had roles on shows including dexter and mystery er she moved to california to further her career but came back to new york and moved in her her mother for a year before finding her own place . last sighting : the actress , who has had small tv roles , has been missing for four days from her home on w157 th st in manhattan , police reported budding career : mabel pantaleon had won a role in tv series dexter starring michael c hall but she had recently lost her apartment and had to move back in with her family again , her mother said . she also said that her daughter did not have a boyfriend at the time she disappeared : that was one of her problems . she does not have friends , she does not have boyfriends . she has also starred in two films choose connor in 2007 and the gleam a year earlier . dexter , starring michael c hall , is the story of a miami police forensics expert who moonlights as a serial killer who hunts down criminals . miss pantaleon , who was born in new york , also came runner up in the miss latina new york usa pageant in 2003 , according to her imdb profile . she was last seen on west 157 th st in upper manhattan and may have been driving a silver 2004 toyota camry , according to the new york daily news . she was wearing a shirt with drake emblazoned across the front and is described by police as 5 feet 7 , 165 pounds , with brown eyes and black hair .:==:mabel pantaleon starred in tv shows dexter and mystery er said to have a mental illness . mother believes she stopped taking her medication . former beauty pageant contestant had given up nursing career to pursue acting in new york .

it is another small sliver of information in the expanse of mystery surrounding malaysia airlines flight 370 . a failed satellite phone call suggests the missing passenger jet may have turned south slightly earlier than previously thought during its enigmatic journey , australian authorities said thursday . after flight 370 dropped off radar on march 8 , malaysia airlines ground staff tried to make contact with the plane using a satellite phone , australian deputy prime minister warren truss said at a news conference in the australian capital , canberra . the attempt was u.s.ccessful , he said , but subsequent analysis of the failed call has given experts a better idea of the aircraft 's position and where it was traveling . the latest analysis of the available data has put a focus on southern parts of the search area in the indian ocean , truss told reporters . mh370 vanished with 239 people on board during a flight that was meant to go from kuala lumpur , malaysia , to beijing . the search operation , described by australian officials as the largest in history , has so far turned up no debris from the plane . international aviation experts have relied on information from radar and satellites to try to plot the boeing 777 's course , concluding that it went down in a remote part of the southern indian ocean , far off australia 's west coast . the experts are sticking to the same vast search zone announced in june , truss said at the news conference thursday . but some of the information that the analysts now have suggests that areas of the zone farther to the south may be of particular interest , he said , noting that the focus of the search continues to be refined as experts keep reviewing the available data . uncertainty over location of turn flight 370 was last detected by radar flying northwest over the sea between peninsular malaysia and the indonesian island of sumatra . a series of subsequent communications between satellite systems and the errant plane known as handshakes determined that at some point , mh370 turned south toward the southern indian ocean . it was initially assumed that the southern turn took place at the northwestern tip of sumatra . but the team of experts has since said there is no conclusive evidence about where the turn to the south took place . to calculate the current search area , they said they took two approaches to the uncertainty surrounding the turn . they analyzed the satellite data using a range of assumed locations for the turn , and also without any assumption of where the turn took place . the final radar detection of mh370 , by the malaysian military , occurred nearly an hour after the plane had veered off its planned course . three minutes later , a satellite handshake indicated that the plane was still traveling northwest . the unanswered phone call took place 14 minutes after the handshake , according to information previously released by australian authorities . just over an hour later , a second handshake suggested that the plane had turned and was heading south or southeast . it is unclear from truss comments thursday how much more clarity the analysts now have on the timing and location of the turn . the crucial question of why the aircraft flew wildly off course also remains unanswered . without the aircraft 's wreckage and flight recorders , investigators are struggling to piece together what happened . how flight attendants keep flying after air disasters undersea volcanoes the search for the remains of the plane and the people on board remains primarily focused on a 60,000 square kilometer area , roughly the size of west virginia , in the southern indian ocean . an underwater search that will involve three ships is expected to start in the area next month , using a range of sophisticated sonar equipment . the process is expected to take about 12 months , truss said . officials hope as much searching as possible can be done in the next few months before weather conditions are likely to deteriorate , he said . ships have already been mapping the undersea terrain in the isolated swath of ocean to help the searchers . much of the geography of the area was previously unknown before mh370 's disappearance drew attention there . the mapping process has revealed dramatic new challenges for the search teams . the remarkable geographic features discovered by the surveying include at least two volcanoes and an area where the seafloor drops away from a depth of 600 meters 1,970 feet to 6,600 meters 21,650 feet over a short distance , truss said . it would not be safe to put the towed sonar equipment into the water if we did not have this kind of information about the seabed , he said . how long will the search continue ? cost of search to be shared truss spoke after meeting with malaysian transport minister liow tiong lai and chinese vice transport minister he jianzhong . liow said at the news conference that malaysia 's financial contributions to the search will match australia 's commitment . australia has estimated a yearlong underwater search will cost $48 million . the australian transport safety bureau is overseeing the underwater search at malaysia 's request . the majority of the people on board mh370 were chinese . all countries involved remain cautiously optimistic that the wreckage of the missing plane will be found , truss said . malaysian couple charged with alleged theft from mh370 passengers .:==:official : airline staff tried to reach the plane by satellite phone after it dropped off radar . the call failed , but later analysis has given experts a better idea of mh370 's position . the indian ocean search zone for the missing aircraft remains the same . some areas a little to the south may be of particular interest , australian deputy pm says .

bake sale : saira munoz could be deported over her arrest for selling pot brownies in school a california student arrested for selling pot brownies to raise money for her prom dress could be deported to mexico . saira munoz came up with the money making scheme while at river valley high school last year and even employed a fellow student to help sell the brownies . but the teenager , who was 18 at the time , was arrested after a student fell sick and had to be taken to hospital after eating one of the drug laced cakes . munoz was sentenced to nine days in prison and four years probation on monday but the teenager was also told she could face being deported after her sentence ends . because she arrived in the u.s. in 2000 with only temporary permission to remain in the country , her felony charge for employing a minor to sell marijuana could be used as reason to send her back to mexico . friends of the former student , who currently works in a restaurant , are u.s.t that she could face deportation for her mistakes . i was hurt , because she got arrested , and nobody wanted to see somebody we cared about go away , carlos robles , who went to school with munoz , told cbs news . there s people that deserve to be deported , and she just was not one of them . there is people that do way worse , he added . munoz was convicted of felony child endangerment and misdemeanor possession of marijuana on school grounds after admitting to selling the cakes in march last year . sentenced : former river valley student saira munoz was given nine days in prison and four years probation school dance : saira munoz planned to sell pot brownies to raise money for a prom dress she told officers she obtained the drugs from an acquaintance , and planned to use the money she made to buy a dress for the school dance . two minors were issued citations for helping in the distribution of the pot brownies and were released , the appeal democrat reported . as he sentenced her , judge brian aronson told the teenager : if you are departed , you must not return unless you do so legally . if you do return , you must check in with probation immediately .:==:saira munoz was arrested when a student was taken to hospital after eating the marijuana laced cakes . 19 year old faces having her temporary visa revoked because of charges .

doctors are baffled after an apparently healthy mother and her teenage son died from a mysterious illness just days apart . zack smith , 19 , passed away at a hospital in st peters , missouri on sunday and his mother , 48 year old rhona smith , died on thursday morning . the st charles county health department has met with infectious disease doctors since her death to figure out what led to their sudden decline in health , but relatives say physicians suggested the pair may have been suffering from a particularly virulent strain of the flu . zack smith went to st joseph 's health center on friday after suffering flu like symptoms and coughing up blood , according to a gofundme page set up for the family . loss : zack smith , left , passed away after two days in hospital on sunday , while his mother , rhona smith , pictured right , passed away early on thursday morning after suffering similar symptoms an hour later , relatives were told that his health was quickly deteriorating , kmov reported . over the next two days , doctors diagnosed him with pneumonia and a staph infection , and his organs began shutting down . he went into cardiac arrest and died on sunday morning . according to the gofundme page , doctors told his family that it appeared he had a strand of the flu not prevented by a flu shot . they said the explanation of death was even more to the fact they felt it was a strand of the flu from africa , relative scott dyer told kmov . his mother rhona shared photos of her son to her facebook page after news of his death . so completely destroyed inside and out , she posted to her page on sunday . my sweet precious son zack lost the fight of his life this morning i am still at a loss of understanding how i walked in to the er with him just 2 short days ago and now he is gone . i just want you back baby boy . i love you so so so much . heartbroken : hours after her son 's death and just a few days before her own rhonda shared the tragic news to her facebook page . she leaves behind three other children , aged 12 , 16 and 21 questions : the st charles county health department has met with infectious disease doctors since the pair passed away to try to figure out what caused their health to deteriorate so rapidly but on wednesday , family took her to barnes st peters hospital after she felt hot and complained of a pain in her side . while we all thought she was just heart broken and depressed from losing her son we took her to the urgent care , the gofundme page explains . they immediately referred us to the er due to her blood sugar levels greatly above what their meter could read . doctors said that her blood sugar levels were so high that she was at risk of slipping into a diabetic coma , even though she did not have diabetes . her health declined dramatically and she started experiencing problems breathing . her heart stopped eight times and she was repeatedly revived , but after the eighth time , doctors were unable to find a pulse . she passed away less than 12 hours after being admitted . my sister went to heaven early this morning and is now resting peacefully with her son and mother , rhonda 's sister wanda wrote on facebook on thursday . i am extremely saddened by this . having a very hard time coping with losing 2 close members of my family in less than 72 hrs . doctors told family members to get tested for the flu and chest x rays in case they have also contracted the virus . shock : relative scott dyer said doctors thought they were struck with a particularly virulent strain of the flu potent : there is still high flu activity across the u.s . as shown on this map released by the cdc . the centers said more than 13,300 people have been hospitalized with the flu this season and 86 children have died an autopsy is being carried out on rhonda 's body to find the because of her death and the health department said they hope to know more once lab tests are completed . rhonda leaves behind three more children , aged 12 , 16 and 21 . any prayers sent our way would be more than appreciated , relatives wrote on the gofundme page . we are all very frightened and hurting in this tragic time . flu activity has been elevated for 13 weeks across the country and has claimed the lives of as many as 86 children this season , according to the cdc . a total of 13,320 people have been hospitalized with confirmed cases of the flu since october 1 , 2014 , the cdc said in its latest report . the cdc added that , because the flu season started earlier that normal last year , it is likely to last longer than the average of 13 weeks . see below for video .:==:zack smith went to hospital last friday complaining of flu like symptoms and over the following two days his organs started shutting down . he passed away on sunday after suffering cardiac arrest . on wednesday , his mother rhonda went to hospital complaining of pain in her side and 12 hours later , her heart stopped and she passed away . doctors say they may have been suffering from a strain of the flu not prevented by flu shots but they are carrying out further tests .

police are hunting a doctor accused of killing an ecuadorian beauty queen who had no interest in plastic surgery but whose family claims she was pestered into going under the knife . the family of 19 year old catherine cando , who dreamed of becoming a doctor and was crowned queen of the city of durán in october , today demanded answers from the medic who they claim pestered her into undergoing liposuction as a prize for winning the contest . catherine , who was a healthy weight and never wanted surgery , died during the procedure despite saying in an interview shortly after the contest : i do not want to do it i do not need it she never had weight problems , catherine 's brother , daniel zavala told mailonline . but this doctor called lots of times . he insisted . today they released heartbreaking pictures of catherine as a little girl to help warn against the dangers of cosmetic surgery . it comes as police hunt doctor accused of pestering her into undergoing liposuction . tragic : catherine died from the procedure despite clearly being a healthy weight and insisting : i do not want to do it i do not need it childhood : catherine pictured as a four year old aspired to become a doctor in order to help people and despite her good looks , she never showed much interest in beauty contests tragic : catherine died from the procedure despite insisting : i do not want to do it i do not need it beauty pageant : the liposuction was a prize for being named queen of durán in october catherine was said to be at ease with her figure and had no interest in surgical enhancement . the procedure was not an official prize a tablet computer and a new car were sponsored by the government but dr gustavo berh , who served on the beauty pageant 's judging panel , offered free liposuction for the winner . ecuadorian media reported the doctor wanted to use the image of the queen of durán in publicity shots for his medical practice . it was a marketing strategy by the surgeon , gustavo berh , a statement released by durán city government a day after her funeral stated . the beauty queen initially said she would donate the prize to someone more in need of plastic surgery , but dr berh said it was non transferable . as well as the phone calls to catherine , a pre med university student , dr berh invited her to watch several operations and hinted she could become his assistant , according to her mother betsabe cornejo . he finally convinced her by promising to reduce her waistline from 60 cm to 57 cm which might help the beauty queen win future contests . on saturday morning , catherine entered a clinic in guayaquil , ecuador 's largest city , for what was supposed to be a two hour operation . according to health officials , she died at about 6 pm of cerebral edema the accumulation of fluid in the brain . brotherly love : she never had weight problems , catherine 's brother , daniel zavala told mailonline . but this doctor called her lots of times . he insisted healthy weight : catherine was clearly not overweight yet was pressured into liposuction after dr gustavo berh , who served on the beauty pageant 's judging panel , offered free surgery for the winner so he could use the results in pr material for his clinic , it is claimed convinced : as well as the phone calls to catherine , a pre med university student , dr berh invited her to watch several operations and hinted she could become his assistant , according to her mother the teenage beauty queen died on the operating table , after allegedly being pressured into undergoing liposuction but , when family members tried to find out what went wrong , the could not be reached . the ecuadorian health ministry and the attorney general 's office have opened an investigation into the clinic and dr behr . gen . ignacio benitez , chief of police of the guayaquil region that includes the city of duran , said the police are collaborating with the attorney general 's office in the investigation . on friday , police and agents from the attorney general 's offfice searched a building in guayaquil looking for the doctor . but he was not there and the investigation continues . ecuadorian media has reported that dr behr is officially registered as a general practitioner but not as a plastic surgeon . however , francisco vera , president of the doctors association of the state of guayas , which surrounds guayaquil , said dr behr was indeed a surgeon catherine pictured here as a child , who was only 19 at the time of her death , next planned to enter the state wide miss guayas pageant and even dreamed of becoming miss ecuador decision : catherine 's aunts persuaded her to enter the queen of durán contest . here she is pictured left and left in right picture in her winner 's sash despite her mother 's objections , catherine began an exercise and diet regime and her weight went from 140 lbs to 117 lbs . she then beat 13 other candidates to win the pageant what i want is for this doctor to explain what happened , said cornejo , a single mom who raised catherine and four other children largely on her own in durán . she said her daughter aspired to become a doctor in order to help people and despite her good looks , she never showed much interest in beauty contests . however , while cornejo was traveling in the u.s. last year , catherine 's aunts persuaded her to enter the queen of durán contest . despite her mother 's objections , catherine began an exercise and diet regime and her weight went from 140 lbs to 117 lbs . she then beat 13 other women to win the pageant . the beauty queen made the front cover of expresiones magazine . the doctor finally convinced her to undergo the procedure by promising to reduce her waistline she was the only candidate who stood out for both her beauty and her intelligence , explained her brother , zavala . he said catherine next planned to enter the state wide miss guayas pageant and even dreamed of becoming miss ecuador . isaac torres , who was dating cando , said these ambitions plus her growing friendship with dr behr finally tilted the scales in favor of liposuction . the operation was performed on the same day he was due to celebrate his eight month anniversary with her . torres bought a dozen red roses to surprise catherine that evening but she never left the hospital . the surgery was carried out at this clinic by dr gustavo berh , who served on the judging panel at the beauty pageant mourners at catherine cando 's funeral , held just months after she was named winner of the beauty contest lawyer carlos reyes izquierdo said : i was told she had died of a brain edema . but the clinic staff told her relatives that she had died of a cardiac arrest . i have ordered cytological and pathological examinations to find out what exactly happened . there has been no support from doctors who have failed to explain anything about the case .:==:brother of catherine cando , 19 , said doctor insisted on the surgery . procedure was a prize for winning the beauty pageant in city of durán . beauty queen said to be at ease with her figure and had no interest surgery . doctor convinced her by promising to reduce waistline from 60 cm to 57 cm . she died of cerebral edema the accumulation of fluid in the brain . doctor who performed surgery cannot be found .

if you are one of the millions of people who hate popping pills , then you are not alone . one in three of us would prefer to risk an earlier death than take a daily pill to prevent heart disease , a study has revealed . and one in five of those polled would be willing to pay at least $1,000 £657 to avoid taking a pill every day for the rest of their lives , the us researchers found . the new u.s. study reinforces that many of us do not like taking daily medication , the researchers say . a fifth of patients say they would be willing to pay $1,000 £657 not to take drugs every day the study areinforces the idea that many people do not like taking pills , for whatever reason , said dr robert hutchins of the university of california , san francisco . he added : and it reiterates we should be having discussions with patients about what their priorities are . . if they value the extended life they might get from taking a pill more than the effect on their quality of life for having to take that pill every day for the rest of their life . dr hutchins and his colleagues designed the survey to find out , hypothetically , how much time at the end of their lives people would be willing to give up just to avoid taking preventive medications every day . they also asked how much people would pay to avoid having to take pills , and how much of a risk of death they would accept to avoid taking drugs to prevent heart disease . the pills would be free , and participants were told to ignore potential side effects . a thousand people – mostly women and with an average age of 50 – completed the online survey , the researchers reported in the journal circulation : cardiovascular quality and outcomes . in areal life , four out of five were taking daily medication , with 54 percent taking at least three pills a day . in areal life , four out of five were taking daily medication , with 54 percent taking at least three pills a day . overall , about 70 per cent said they would not trade any weeks of their lives to avoid taking a pill every day . but more than 8 per cent were willing to trade up to two years of life to avoid taking pills every day . and roughly 21 per cent would trade between one week and a year . about 13 per cent would accept a small risk of death to avoid taking a pill every day , and 9 percent would risk a 10 per cent chance . about 62 per cent were not willing to gamble any risk of immediate death . on average , respondents said they would pay $1,445 £950 to avoid taking a pill each day for the rest of their lives . however 41 per cent said they would not pay any amount . overall , about 70 per cent said they would not trade any weeks of their lives to avoid taking a pill every day . but more than 8 per cent were willing to trade up to two years of life to avoid taking pills every day . and roughly 21 per cent would trade between one week and a year . on average , respondents said they would pay $1,445 to avoid taking a pill each day for the rest of their lives but 41 per cent said they would not pay any amount . dr hutchins believes the findings are useful to researchers who are developing new ways to administer medicines . what if we can deliver medication like aspirin and statins without someone having to take a pill ? it would almost certainly increase compliance while also improving that person 's quality of life by removing the hassle of having to take a pill daily , he told reuters health . however other medical experts warned these study participants might not accurately reflect the general population . despite this , it is impressive that such a large number of people would be willing to take medication every day , said dr mario garcia , of the montefiore einstein center for heart and vascular care in new york . there were almost 70 per cent of people who would take a pill a day even to live one week longer , and that is remarkable , he said . but on the other hand , he added , people often do not like to pay for medications . clearly people will be compliant if they do not have any side effects , he said . on the other hand , they probably would not be willing to pay out of pocket too much . the findings are useful to researchers who are developing new ways to administer medicines . what if we can deliver medication like aspirin and statins without someone having to take a pill ? .:==:one in five of those polled would be willing to pay at least $1,000 £657 to avoid taking a pill every day for the rest of their lives , say us researchers . the study areinforces the idea that many people do not like taking pills . findings will help researchers develop new ways to administer medicines .

a small missouri town 's discovery that a gunmant killed seven people and injured another thursday night began when a girl managed to flee a residence where she heard gunfire . she ran to a neighbor 's house and called police , say investigators in tyrone , missouri . authorities then found a trail of death that was so staggering , a state trooper lost count at a news conference . seven people , all gunshot victims , were found dead in four residences in the small town of 50 people . one person managed to survive , and she was found wounded in one of the homes . the gunman also was found dead friday morning in a gmc pickup after going to another county more than 15 miles away , where he apparently shot himself . he was identified friday as joseph jesse aldridge , 36 , who was believed to be a cousin to four of the seven slain victims , the missouri state highway patrol said . and , in a twist to their probe , investigators happened upon another body that of an elderly woman in a fifth home , though she died of natural causes . that person was the gunman 's mother , alice l aldridge , 74 . she died of metastatic lung cancer , said tom whittaker , the coroner for texas county , missouri . it was unclear friday whether her death was connected to the case , missouri state highway patrol sgt . jeff kinder said . the gunman 's finding his mother dead could be a motive , but it would speculation for us to say that is the case , kinder told cnn . we are examining of a lot of different avenues now . the gunman had been with her for quite some time , said texas county sheriff james sigman . the shooter did not leave a note , so investigators are asking family and neighbors about a possible motive , the sheriff said . in all , nine of the town 's approximate 50 residents were found dead or killed overnight , nearly decimating the town twice over , according to authorities . there were a total of six police scenes : three had two bodies each . two had one body each . and then there was the site where the suspect apparently committed suicide . everybody is in disbelief now , kinder said . they are shocked . they will all just have to take care of each other . but it has just shocked this community to its core , and we will just have to work our way through it among the seven slain gunshot victims were two married couples , who were described as cousins of the gunman , authorities said . they were garold dee aldridge , 52 , and wife julie ann aldridge , 47 , and harold wayne aldridge , 50 , and wife janell arlisa aldridge , 48 . all victims lived within a three mile radius of each other , authorities said . the other three victims were not identified pending notification of their relatives . they were not from the same family , the sheriff said . everyone surely knew each other , the sheriff said . it is a small community out there . everybody knows everybody , but as far as what their personal relationship is . i could not tell you , the sheriff said . crime like this in any community is pretty major . investigators spoke to the surviving victim , a woman , but were not disclosing details , sigman said . we obtained part of our information from her , sheriff sigman said . as far as i know , she is expected to be okay . suspect joseph jesse aldridge , who used a . 45 caliber handgun , had a minor criminal history with local authorities , sigman added . in summarizing the crime , kinder momentarily lost track of the death toll at a news conference . there are . is not that terrible ? lose count . there is actually nine total victims here in this case , he told reporters . the carnage was overwhelming , he added . in our job , we see a lot of bad stuff , and this is bad , kinder said . this is also hard on the police officers who are working out there . it is not natural to see that sort of thing . the juvenile girl whose police call exposed the mass deaths had been in a residence where two bodies were later found , kinder said . authorities also do not yet know the relationship between the girl and those two deceased victims , kinder said . i do not have any information that would confirm any of that other than she was at the residence at the time it started , he said . missouri gov . jay nixon said the state was ensuring that mental health counselors and crisis intervention services would be provided to students in the area and other residents . this is a horrific tragedy , and our hearts go out to the victims of these senseless acts and their families , he said . the shootings happened in texas county , home to about 26,000 people . after police found two bodies in the first residence , investigators found five more bodies and an injured person in three other tyrone homes , according to kinder . the elderly woman who is believed to have died of natural causes was found in a fifth residence after investigators were somehow led to that residence after this was all placed in motion , he said . the suspect 's body was found in a vehicle in neighboring shannon county , kinder said . tyrone is about 135 miles 217 kilometers southwest of st louis . it was not immediately clear if any of the victims were of school age , but news of the deaths has shaken the community , the superintendent of the area 's schools said friday . there is a lot of speculation right now , and we just do not have the information . the area is within the school district these are my families , said scott dill , superintendent of the houston are 1 school district . we run buses out there daily . classes for the district 's 1,000 students are in session friday , in part to give them a sense of normalcy , he said . we do have counselors available , and other offers from other districts to help out . as a small town , we all cry together . my principals are all assessing the situation now , and we will make a determination on what to do next , dill said . cnn 's amanda watts and camille cava contributed to this report .:==:coroner says mother off suspect was found dead of lung cancer . in all , nine of a small town 's 50 residents were found dead or killed overnight . joseph jesse aldridge allegedly killed himself after slaying 7 people , injuring another in tyrone , missouri .

if any parent was ever in two minds about letting their teenager use facebook , their reservations may be about to increase as facebook has allowed young people make posts public . this means anyone on the social network will be able to see the posts , click through to the young user 's profile and see any other publicly shared information . by adding this option to users aged between 13 and 17 it also means they can let strangers follow their public posts . the privacy for facebook posts by users aged between 13 and 17 were previously restricted to friends of friends , but can now be made visible to anyone . public posts can also be followed by strangers facebook faced a backlash from users and privacy campaigners earlier this week after announcing it was changing its privacy settings for adult users . facebook previously let people hide their profiles in search results using the who can look up your timeline by name ? setting , but the social networking site is retiring this feature . the option was removed from the accounts of people who had not enabled it last year , and facebook has announced it is removing the feature from everyone else 's accounts starting from now . if a friend then interacts with the post either by liking or commenting on it the status appears on that friend 's news feed making it visible to even more people . before the update facebook prevented under 18 s making posts public the widest audience they could reach was friends of friends . in a blog post , facebook said : teens are among the savviest people using social media , and whether it comes to civic engagement , activism , or their thoughts on a new movie , they want to be heard . so , starting today , people aged 13 through 17 will also have the choice to post publicly on facebook . facebook previously set the default privacy for posts made by these younger users as friends of friends yet going forward , when people aged 13 through 17 sign up for an account on facebook , the initial audience of their first post will be set to a narrower audience of friends . the blog continues : in addition , teens will be able to turn on follow so that their public posts can be seen in people 's news feeds . as always , followers can only see posts they are in the audience for . before a post is made public , facebook said it will display a warning message to remind users what posting publicly means and to make sure they understand the consequences before posting . before a post is made public facebook has said it will display a warning message , pictured , to remind users what posting publicly means . the site adds it takes the safety of its young users very seriously as facebook explains : we take the safety of teens very seriously , so they will see an extra reminder before they can share publicly . facebook allows people aged 13 and over to sign up to the site , but new users only need to put in their date of birth to confirm their age the company does not verify the information.com menting on the news , jeffrey chester , executive director for the center for digital democracy in the u.s.said : facebook is claiming they are giving more options to protect their privacy . but in reality , they are making a teen 's information more accessible . he continued the announcement actually removes a safeguard that teens currently have . however , a spokesman from the national crime agency said : it s important that children and young people manage understand the consequences of what they share online , especially with anything that is available publicly . robust reporting mechanisms and education messages are vital and we continue to encourage users to report any concerns they have to facebook , or if their concerns are linked to someone 's inappropriate sexual behaviour to the nca via child exploitation and online protection service . the statement added the national crime agency welcomes the changes being made to facebook 's default sharing settings from friends of friends to just friends and said : this will help young people understand the need to manage their privacy settings carefully and to control who they share their information with . facebook faced a backlash from users and privacy campaigners earlier this week after announcing it was changing its privacy settings for adult users , too . facebook previously let people hide their profiles in search results using the who can look up your timeline by name ? setting , but the social networking site is retiring this feature . the option was removed from the accounts of people who had not enabled it last year , and facebook has announced it is removing the feature from everyone else 's accounts starting from now .:==:teenagers can now make posts public making them visible to anyone . posts by users aged 13 to 17 can also now be followed by strangers . site made the changes because teens are ong the savviest of users . default privacy is being changed from friends of friends to friends . young users will also be warned about what posting publicly means .

police will begin scouring a landfill for the body of five year old jhessye shockley four months after the youngster was reported missing . it could take glendale police in arizona up to six weeks to sift through more than 6,000 tons of trash at butterfield station landfill in mobile . authorities believe the body of the child , who was reported missing on october 11 , was thrown into a dumpster and transported to the landfill . s investigation : police will begin searching for the body of five year old jhessye shockley , who has been missing since october 11 , in an arizona landfill the search will happy every day , eight hours a day , for up to six weeks compacted trash will be spread out over an area of 180 feet by 200 feet for a team to sift through with rakes , the arizona republic reported . the search of the specific section of the landfill comes two months after police first considered scouring the dump for the youngster 's remains . jhessye was reported missing in october by her mother jerice hunter , who became the primary focus in the police investigation . according to a court document , jhessye 's 13 year old sister told police her mother kept the girl in a closet , and that jhessye had black eyes , cuts and bruises before she was reported missing . the teen recounted an incident just weeks earlier when hunter returned home to find jhessye wearing a long t shirt while watching tv with a boy . she told the girl that she was a ho before taking her into a bedroom , according to the document . massive site : search teams will sift through 6,000 tons of trash for the body hopeful : police say they know the exact date the body was dumped and where the teen said she could hear her sister screaming and crying in the room , the document said . she also told police that hunter kept jhessye in a bedroom closet and deprived her of food and water , according to the document . reported that jhessye 's hair had been pulled out and described jhessye as not looking alive and that she looked like a zombie , it said . said that the closet where jhessye had been looked like a grave and smelled like dead people . the teen said hunter placed incense in a container to conceal the odor . she also said that a few days before jhessye disappeared , her mother spent the entire day cleaning the apartment and cleaning her shoes from the closet with soap and bleach . police said they found a receipt that showed hunter bought food and a bottle of bleach two days before she reported her daughter missing . in court : jhessye 's mother jerice hunter is the primary focus of the investigation . she appeared in court on child abuse charges and is held on a $100,000 bail hunter was arrested on a felony count of child abuse , more than five weeks after she reported jhessye 's disappearance . hunter was held on a $100,000 bond and has appeared in court , where she has protested her innocence . hunter claims she went out for an errand and left the girl in the care of three older siblings at their apartment . azcentral.com reported the sister said the last time she saw jhessye was september 12 . the report says school records indicate jhessy e last day at school was september 22 . police have said they no longer expect to find the five year old alive . a spokesman told the arizona republic that authorities are determined to search as long as it takes to find the body . cruel parents : jerice hunter was also arrested on earlier child abuse charges in october 2005 with then husband , george shockley , that means ripping every single bag , going through everything , said the spokesman . police told abc15.com that 40 people will work eight hours a day on the operation . glendale police chief steve conrad added : we would love nothing more than to find jhessye and hold the person who is responsible for her death accountable . i feel we owe that to her , her family and the community . police were unable to recover bodies during two searches of the same landfill in the late 90 s . lisa vance , who helped raise the girl while her mother served time in prison for child abuse , told the republic : i m very confident that when they go out there , however many days it takes , they are going to find jhessye . they just have to but hunter 's attorney , scott maasen , expressed surprise that authorities had not launched the search sooner . worrying : jhessye vanished from her hometown of glendale without a trace they said almost two months ago they were possibly going to search the landfill , he said . it begs the question , why has there been a delay for so long ? police claim they spent recent months figuring out the specific day they believe the body was dumped so a search would be more successful . hunter , whom police have named as a number one interest in the case , has also been critical of the investigation into finding her daughter : she said in december : we feel that law enforcement is not active in finding jhessye and that they are more active in persecuting me instead of finding out where she is state child protective services removed hunter 's other children , including a newborn , from her apartment in november . see below for videos .:==:jhessye shockley reported missing in october . mother jerice hunter primary focus of investigation . police say they know exact date remains were dumped and will search specific section of landfill . 40 officers will sift through 6,000 tons of trash for body in search that could take between four and six weeks .

the £4,500 cost of moving a palm tree 300 metres was described as farcical last night . torbay council , which faces budget cuts of £3.8 million , was already under fire for stumping up £7,000 to import the 20 ft canary date palm from spain to erect on a roundabout billed as the gateway to torquay in devon . but now the tree has been moved to a new site just up the road at the entrance to a shopping centre to make way for a dual carriageway . council officials were forced to spend £4,500 moving the £7,000 tree , pictured , just 300 metres up the road torquay mayor gordon oliver said the palm tree would make an impact to visitors to the devon town , pictured the gmb union s local branch secretary , paul raybould , who discovered the cost of the move , said : this looks farcical . council staff facing redundancies would be astonished and aghast at such a waste of public money . the tree was the brainchild of torbay council s mayor , gordon oliver , who said we wanted to make a real impact so we decided to “go large” with the palm . during last winter the tree had to be wrapped in a hessian sack , to stop it being damaged by frost , which critics claimed made it look like a giant phallus . the tree was the idea of torbay council s mayor , gordon oliver . he said : we wanted to make a real impact so we decided to go large by bringing in the six metre high palm . it will leave our many thousands of visitors with an abiding memory when they set off for home .:==:torquay council spent £7,000 importing the giant 6 metre tall palm tree . the spanish tree needed to be covered last year because of frost . now , the council must pay £4,500 to move the tree £4,500 for a new road .

an air france passenger jet was forced to make an emergency landing in ireland after a shipment of peppers set off a fire alarm during its transatlantic journey . the boeing 747 to 400 was flying from santo domingo in the dominican republic to paris when its flight crew was alerted to a potential fire in the cargo hold . but reports say there was no fire at all and the alarm sounded because of the heat from the peppers . an air france plane makes an emergency landing at shannon airport in ireland after a fire alarm activated the radar map shows where the boeing 747 to 400 changed course while en route to paris it was the third time this year that a shipment of organic material has set off an aircraft alarm and forced a flight to divert to shannon airport , the irish independent reported . in sunday s incident , the air france flight crew declared an emergency and requested permission to divert to the nearest airport . air france spokeswoman ulli gendrot told mailonline travel that the plane was carrying 142 passengers , two pilots and 12 cabin crew . the air france plane was met by firefighters and paramedics when it landed safely at shannon passengers were delayed for several hours while air france flew an airbus a320 to pick them up it was met by firefighters and paramedics when it landed safely around 10 am on sunday – around eight hours after departing the caribbean . fire crews inspected the cargo hold and found no evidence of a fire . passengers were delayed for several hours while air france flew an airbus a320 to pick them up at shannon airport and transport them to paris .:==:plane was travelling to paris from santo domingo , dominican republic . flight crew declared emergency after alarm went off in cargo hold . alarm was activated by heat from the peppers . plane landed at shannon airport and passengers were delayed for hours .

a teenage girl who was allegedly starved to death by her mother ran away to walmart and spent the night cowered beneath the shopping carts , new evidence has revealed . tragic markea blakely berry , 16 , fled her home in georgia and the next day employees found her wandering through the aisles . the teenager was so hungry that on trips to shops with her mother she would even open cans of food as they walked through stores , it is claimed . in a harrowing diary entry , the starving girl says she would rather live at the walmart store than at home with her mother . tragic : markea blakely berry , pictured left as a young girl , has died after apparent neglect from her mother ebony berry , right . the teenager ran away to walmart she was so hungry , files have revealed desperate : a walmart store similar to the one that starving markea blakely berry ran away to and spent the night huddled under shopping carts markea was found dead on june 15 weighing just 40 lbs amid claims from relatives that she was routinely punished by her mother ebony berry . berry , 38 , faces charges of murder and first degree child cruelty after markea , who was mentally disabled , was found dead at home . child protection documents have now revealed the harrowing plight of the teenager , and how her mother thwarted the authorities efforts to intervene . the teenager told police who collected her from the walmart that she had run away from home because she did not want to be a burden on her mother . but the girl was under strict orders from her controlling mother not to speak with outsiders . happy family : markea , left , plays with a relative at a family gathering before her abuse began . the teenager was told not to speak with outsiders haunting : this image of thanksgiving dinner drawn by markea shows the family with empty plates well stocked table : but markea was once so hungry she ran away from home and stole food from walmart berry locked markea in her bedroom at night with pee pads to prevent her from leaving and to stop other visitors from seeing her , the files allege . there were multiple investigations over almost a decade by child protection workers in michigan and georgia , according to ajc.com . but the case was closed two months after the walmart incident in 2010 , leaving the teenager 's condition to become worse . officials were in touch with the mother after markea had ran away to the supermarket and concerns about undernourishment were raised . but berry is then said to have prevented her daughter from receiving medical treatment . within two years the youngster was dead . dfcs director ron scroggy said that the death should never have happened and that the case should have remained open . he said that the caseworker who had been involved with markea left the agency a year ago . no matter how intimidating a person is , the caseworker 's ultimate responsibility is to make sure the child is safe , mr scroggy said . devastated : markea 's father mark blakely , left , and grandmother cheryl goree , right , spoke of their grief the case files claim that berry was aggressive towards officials and had previously fled from michigan after complaining about them prying . the mother was deliberately obstructive by refusing to answer the door or pick up the phone , it is claimed . shockingly , she even blamed the problems on her daughter , telling caseworkers that it was down to her premature birth and mental disabilities . berry told them that her daughter was unruly . markea was prevented from asking for help from the authorities because her mother gave orders for the children not to speak with outsiders , the files allege . former state child advocate melissa carter branded the state 's handling of markea 's case shocking . mrs carter said that from a humane standpoint there should have been some follow up when there are concerns that a child is not being fed . alice mcquade of the advocacy group better courts for kid said it was a horrendous case . it s just so hard , the idea of her slowly starving to death , she added . after berry 's arrest , markea 's family noticed that she had links via facebook to a group which encourages hunger , according to wood . ms goree described how markea had sent her a haunting drawing of thanksgiving dinner with a table heaped with food , but completely empty plates . markea 's father mark blakely said he was shocked at the apparent abuse . i cannot even understand it , he said . how could anybody do that to somebody ? you would not even do your worst enemy that way . the cult is run by dr andrew chung , a cardiologist who graduated from one of the most prestigious medical schools in the nation . it mixes scripture with his medical advice and encourages his followers to eat just two pounds a day less than half what the average american consumes . police questioned mr chung about the girl 's death . he denies his teachings are a cult . cobb county police department said they are still investigating the case .:==:markea blakely berry found wandering through the isles of supermarket the next day . starving teenager so desperate she used to open food on trips to stores with her mother . officials criticised for closing the case two months after the incident in 2010 . teenager locked in bedroom and told not to speak with outsiders .

artillery shells slammed into a hospital sunday in the northern sri lankan district of mullaittivu , where civilians including a growing number of children are being treated as government forces and tamil rebels continue to clash . a sri lankan soldier walks through mullaittivu , the former military headquarters of the tamil rebels . more than 200 civilians and at least 30 children have been injured in the last three days of fighting , a relief worker told cnn sunday . that is the absolute minimum number of injured , the aid worker , who did not want to be identified for fear of jeopardizing the work of relief organizations , said . government officials are accusing aid organizations and foreign media of sensationalizing civilian casualties . it looks as if it is convenient for certain agencies to exaggerate the numbers so that this can be converted to a humanitarian crisis in the public eye , secretary of foreign affairs dr palitha kohona told cnn . on sunday , sri lankan defense secretary gotabaya rajapaksa promised to continue with the military offensive until we liberate the remaining area under ltte the rebel group control , according to sri lanka 's state run news agency . watch a report on civilians caught in fighting a handful of united nations staff are working around the clock to save a growing number of children caught in the crossfire , a you . n spokesman said saturday . children as young as 4 months old were being treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other wounds of war , spokesman james elder told cnn . there is just intense fighting in a small area where children and other civilians are , elder said . the space where conflict is taking place is shrinking and the fighting is augmenting . thursday , you . n aid workers rescued 50 critically injured children and 105 adults , he said . we are trying to get as many people out of there as we can , elder said . humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area . sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the tamil tigers to promise the same . we have declared a safe zone for civilians , the coordinates of which were announced by the security forces , rajapaksa said on his government 's web site . it is unfortunate that the tamil tiger group is exploiting this declared safe zone for civilians by placing their heavy artillery within the safe zone and using it as a launching pad to attack security forces and indiscriminately kill civilians . the fighting has created a nightmarish situation for civilians in the conflict zone , elder said . an emerging shortage of humanitarian supplies and diminished access to clean water , sanitation , and food are compounding a crisis , he said . sunday , sri lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold in a surprise attack deep in tamil held territory . troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from tamil fighters , according to the government run news agency . the the liberation tigers of tamil eelam commonly known as the tamil tigers have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic tamil minority since 1983 . the civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .:==:sri lankan hospital hit by artillery shells . children young as 4 months treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries . aid workers rescue 50 critically injured children and 105 adults . sri lankan president has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians .

carlos halfy rodriguez lost a large portion of his brain and skull after flying through his car 's windscreen and landing on his head speaking out for the first time , many thought that his appearance was fake until now that is why it is not good drinking and driving , or drugs and driving . it is no good kids , he warns . but despite his anti drugs stance it appears he still continues to smoke cannabis every day a bad boy who was left with half a head following a dramatic accident has spoken out for the first time blaming his astonishing appearance on a drink and drugs binge . carlos halfy rodriguez , who also goes by the name sosa , lost a large portion of his brain and skull in a crash after flying through his car 's windscreen and landing head first on the road . in a new video he has used his appearance and story to warn others not to drink and take drugs . doctors were forced to cut away large amounts of flesh and bone to help him survive and he has since been able to continue his life in miami , florida . warning graphic content : incredible : from side on the damage caused by his crash is obvious both sides : halfy as he is now known , shows his skull to camera in this new video warning : carlos admits that he was on drink and drugs while driving and warns others not to do the same from the front : carlos speaks to camera for the first time and from this angle the damage to his head is not clear i was barred out on drugs . i was driving and i hit a pole and flew out the front window and landed on my head , he said in a new warning message on you tube . showing his head to camera he added : and this is how the old boy has come out . that is why it is not good drinking and driving or drugness and driving . it is no good kids . according to the german tabloid bild he had the accident aged 14 . i was with a cousin and a friend stole the car , there was a near fatal car accident . as the speed was too fast we lost control of the car and crashed , he said . mr rodriguez shot to fame two years ago after he was was arrested for allegedly soliciting prostitution . miami police had problems with their paperwork and his forms contained no name and simply the description half a head . infamous : police released these mind bending mugshots 18 months ago , and many believed them fake his mugshots , showing his missing forehead and battered skull , spread across the world online but many thought that it was a hoax . however this new video has proved that he and his extreme injuries exist . bad boy : halfy still smokes drugs , despite his warning to others but despite his serious message to stay away from narcotics , it appears that he is yet to change his ways after admitting he still smokes a lot of drugs . survivor : british teenager ben maycock was lucky to be alive after a brutal hammer attack left him a huge dent in his skull in a bizarre tirade he also accuses american president barrack obama of doing the same . this is what i do daily : burn a stake , which is slang for a joint . obama is the president of ya will united states and he smokes . has the whole white house growing . then why cannot i smoke me a blunt ? . halfy is not the only person to survive with half a head , as several other britons have done the same . teenager ben maycock was lucky to be alive after a brutal hammer attack left him a huge dent in his skull in 2010 . the vicious assault left ben 's head shattered and doctors had to hack away huge chunks in a battle to save his life . medics at queen 's medical centre , nottingham , doubted ben would survive his horrific injuries , and told his grief stricken mum to prepare for the worst , but incredibly , he survived .:==:carlos halfy rodriguez lost a large portion of his brain and skull after flying through his car 's windscreen and landing on his head . speaking out for the first time , many thought that his appearance was fake until now . that is why it is not good drinking and driving , or drugs and driving . it is no good kids , he warns . but despite his anti drugs stance it appears he still continues to smoke cannabis every day .

this nearly half century old amazon boomtown has gone bust with the government 's recent crackdown on illegal gold mining . mayor marco ortega estimates more than 22,000 people have left huepetuhe since the government halted gasoline shipments in april and sent troops to destroy heavy machinery used in mining that it deemed illegal . he says only about 3,000 people remain . this nearly half century old amazon boomtown has gone bust with the government 's recent crackdown on illegal gold mining two month old snyder macedo wakes up under a tent set up by his parents not far from where they mine for gold . mayor marco ortega estimates more than 22,000 people have left huepetuhe a woman sells flowers in an empty street at the mining camp . the government halted gasoline shipments in april and sent troops to destroy heavy machinery used in mining that it deemed illegal joel macedo , 25 , and his wife nilda mine for gold without the use of machinery . the father of two says he now struggles to earn and now his wife pitches in the economy has collapsed , says ortega . the gold buyers , the hardware stores , hostels and all kinds of businesses have shut down . we are nearly a town without people . the brothels that flank a broad mud flat of mining runoff are now all but idle , as are most gas stations . the government official overseeing the crackdown has said authorities plan to provide work for miners rendered jobless , but ortega says no assistance has arrived . according to official figures , wildcat miners have extracted 159 million metric tons of gold worth $7 billion over the past decade from the madre de dios region that includes huepetuhe . a vendor fills a man 's motorcycle tank with gas because fuel stations are closed in huepetuhe . the government official overseeing the crackdown has said authorities plan to provide work for miners rendered jobless , but the mayor says no assistance has arrived men who mine for gold stop to eat lunch . according to official figures , wildcat miners have extracted 159 million metric tons of gold worth $7 billion over the past decade from the madre de dios region that includes huepetuhe gas stations are closed after the government imposed quotas on fuel sales in an effort to cut informal mining in huepetuhe a miner carries a bucket and shovel as he arrives to mine for gold . the miners who stayed behind are reduced to rudimentary gold extraction using pickaxes , shovels and small motors a vendor fills a man 's motorcycle tank with gas because fuel stations are closed in huepetuhe the environmental cost has been high , with huge scars gouged out of the rainforest that are visible from outer space and tons of mercury , a toxin used to bind mined gold flecks , released into the environment and contaminating the food chain in a region of rich biodiversity where several indigenous tribes live in voluntary isolation . the miners who stayed behind are reduced to rudimentary gold extraction using pickaxes , shovels and small motors . the government gave informal miners until april 19 to formalize any claims they might have , but the vast majority did not have any . joel macedo , 25 , pushes his bike carrying his three year old son antony after they ran out of gas . macedo had been earning $1,071 dollars a month as a heavy machinery operator before the government crackdown a miner with an axe digs for gold using a rustic technique known as chiquiquiar . the government gave informal miners until april 19 to formalise any claims they might have , but the vast majority did not have any a boy plays on the banks of a crater made by gold mining . the environmental cost of gold mining has been high , with huge scars gouged out of the rainforest the joyliba family returns home after spending the day mining for gold although they are smiling life is now very tough for them a sex worker waits for customers at a bar in huepetuhe . the brothels that flank a broad mud flat of mining runoff are now all but idle , as are most gas stations clown miguel puts on his make up before performing at a small circus in huepetuhe in the madre de dios region of peru one lingering miner , 25 year old joel maceda , had been earning $1,071 a month as a heavy machinery operator . the father of two says he now struggles to earn a quarter of that , and his wife now pitches in she works with me because we have nothing to eat , says maceda , his two month old on a blanket on the ground . rather than return to his native highlands city of cuzco and start over , maceda hopes the government will let some mining resume in huepetuhe . not all operations there were illegal . the government may be doing things right by ending illegal mining , but they should have thought of us , the lowliest workers . some locals hope the government will let some mining resume in huepetuhe . not all operations there were illegal a soda vendor poses for a portrait as she works on the banks of a gold mine where only a handful of miners continue working .:==:more than 22,000 people have left huepetuhe since the government halted gasoline shipments in april . government sent troops to destroy heavy machinery used in mining that it deemed illegal . about 3,000 people remain in the town . the economy has collapsed , says mayor marco ortega .

a federal appeals court cleared the way friday for the resumption of the trial of brian david mitchell , the man charged in the kidnapping of elizabeth smart . mitchell , 57 , is charged with snatching then 14 year old smart at knife point from her family 's salt lake city home early on june 5 , 2002 . in court papers , his lawyers have indicated they will raise an insanity defense . the three judge panel vacated the temporary stay it issued thursday , which halted the trial just after the defense had begun its opening statements in a salt lake city federal courtroom . the trial will resume monday at 8:30 am , the court said friday . defense lawyers asked for a mistrial so the proceedings could be moved to another city , arguing serious error and irreparable harm could come because of juror belief in mitchell 's factual guilt before hearing any evidence . smart is scheduled to be the prosecution 's third witness following her mother , lois , and sister , mary katherine . smart was abducted before dawn on june 5 , 2002 , and led to a campsite that was her prison for the next four months , assistant u.s. attorney felice viti said in his opening statements thursday . she was stripped , dressed in a robe and brought into a tent for an impromptu wedding . and then , the prosecutor said , she was raped . in the months that followed smart 's disappearance , her anguished parents , ed and lois , became a familiar sight in the media as they continued to plead for their daughter 's safe return . but no one expected what happened in march 2003 , when smart was found walking down a street in the salt lake city suburb of sandy in the company of mitchell and his wife , wanda eileen barzee . mitchell , a drifter and self described prophet who called himself emmanuel , had done some handyman work at the smarts home . utah prosecutors charged mitchell with six felony counts of kidnapping , sexual assault and burglary . but in july 2005 , a utah district judge ruled him incompetent to stand trial , leaving him in custody at the utah state hospital . the state case against mitchell was put on hold when federal authorities stepped in a grand jury in 2008 indicted mitchell and barzee . judge dale kimball in march found mitchell competent to stand trial . barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in federal court in november 2009 to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor and was sentenced in may to 15 years in federal prison . she also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap smart 's cousin a month after smart was kidnapped . she was given a sentence of one to 15 years , to be served concurrently with the federal sentence and given credit for the seven years she had spent in custody . as part of her plea agreement , barzee agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . however , her name does not appear on a witness list filed by federal prosecutors and does appear on a list of witnesses filed by the defense . mitchell 's attorneys earlier attempted u.s.ccessfully to move his trial , saying it should be held outside of utah because publicity in the case had prejudiced the pool of potential jurors against him and jeopardized his right to a fair trial .:==:new : the trial will resume monday morning . an appeals court lifted its temporary stay on the trial . the judges rejected the defense request for a mistrial . brian david mitchell is charged with kidnapping smart in 2002 .

chelsea striker fernando torres is closing in on a return to atletico madrid , according to the spanish club 's assistant coach german burgos . torres , 30 , joined ac milan on a two year loan deal in august but the spain forward yet to rediscover his best form , scoring just once in 10 serie a appearances . it the torres deal is on the verge of completion and we are waiting for things to firm up , burgos was quoted as saying in the spanish media . fernando torres is set to swap ac milan for his first club atletico madrid as he bids to find form once again spain striker torres , 30 , who is on loan from chelsea , has scored once in 10 appearances for milan he will be a very important reinforcement for the second half of the season . we will get the best out of him , the same as everyone , and he knows where he is coming to atletico s italy winger alessio cerci will move to milan on loan as part of the deal , which will run until the end of the 2015 to 16 season . cerci said on his facebook page on saturday that he had not yet signed with another club . torres scoring for atletico madrid against barcelona back in 2006 , during his first spell with the club torres sends david beckham flying during a fiery madrid derby in march 2006 atletico madrid 2000 2007 244 appearances , 91 goals liverpool 2007 2011 142 appearances , 81 goals chelsea 2010 2014 172 appearances , 45 goals ac milan 10 appearances , one goal i am an atletico madrid player and together with the club i am considering the best solution for both , he added . i think that is right and normal . a world cup and double european championship winner with spain , torres joined atletico at the age of 11 . known as el nino the kid , he made his first team debut as a 17 year old in 2001 when madrid s second club were in the spanish second division . when he left for liverpool in july 2007 he pledged to return and is hoping a second stint at atletico will help resurrect a career that has largely been a disappointment since he joined chelsea for £50 m in january 2011 . atletico s next match is a la liga game at home to levante on january 3 before they host real madrid in the first leg of their copa del rey last 16 tie on january 7 . torres was unable to reproduce his scoring form from atletico or liverpool after joining chelsea for £50 m .:==:fernando torres is close to re joining first club atletico madrid . the chelsea striker is currently on loan at italian giants ac milan . but spaniard has failed to rediscover his best form in serie a torres , 30 , has scored just once in 10 appearances in italy . atletico hope return to his roots can inspire an improvement in form . alessio cerci is expected to move in the opposite direction .

as an ohio community returns to normalcy after a potentially deadly exotic animal crisis , questions are being raised about the man who released them before killing himself . the muskingum county sheriff said a coroner has ruled that terry thompson died of a self inflicted gunshot wound and then was bitten by one of the animals he freed shortly before dying . but sheriff matt lutz says chicken pieces were strategically spread near terry thompson 's remains . sadness : a stuffed animal with a sympathy card hangs from the locked gate of terry thompson 's exotic animal ranch in zanesville , ohio survivors : these two leopards were among the six creatures alive after terry thompson released 56 animals from their confines at his ohio ranch before killing himself alive : one grizzly bear and two macaques also managed to survive the ohio ordeal investigators agree they were put there to attract the animals , but no one knows why . according to the coroner , thompson , 62 , had a bite wound on his head that appeared to have come from a large cat , such as a bengal tiger . sheriff lutz said it appears the bite happened quickly after thompson shot himself . more revelations about the eccentric animal preserve owner have come to light today . thompson owed tens of thousands in unpaid taxes , and a fellow big cat enthusiast said that he had taken in so many creatures he was in over his head . court records show that he and his wife owed at least $68,000 in unpaid taxes to the irs and the county , and he had two federal tax liens filed against him last year . he had just gotten out of federal prison last month for possessing unregistered weapons . dead : owner of the animals terry thompson was found dead by police at the muskingum county animal farm . he had previous gun charges and was separated from his wife kenny hetrick , who has six tigers and other animals on his property outside toledo , said thursday he used to see thompson at exotic animal auctions a few times a year in ohio . mr hetrick said many of thompson 's tigers had been donated to him by people who bought baby animals that they no longer wanted once they started to grow . he really had more there than what he could do , hetrick said . i do not know what his deal was , but he was in over his head . thompson released 56 of his wild animals before taking his own life . forty eight of them were shot and killed by law officers , including 18 endangered bengal tigers . authorities believe all of the escaped animals have now been accounted for , including the two remaining animals that were on the loose as of wednesday night . six of the animals were captured alive and were taken to the columbus zoo . the one animal that remained missing , a monkey infected with the deadly herpes b virus , is believed to have been eaten by one of the other animals , possibly one of the big cats . while some criticize the sheriff 's department for acting heavy handed , neighbour sam kopchak says deputies did the right thing by destroying the animals before someone was hurt or killed . schools have reopened in zanesville and authorities have urged the community to get back to its routine . tragic : sheriff 's deputies shot nearly 50 wild animals including 18 rare bengal tigers and 17 lions across the state 's countryside on wednesday meanwhile , thompson s wife , whom he had separated from before his suicide , is pleading for the return of the surviving animals , calling them her her children . tom stalf , a columbus zoo official who helped transport the surviving animals there , said : this is a person that is very bonded to the animals . he added : she wanted to see them and make sure that they were doing ok , and she missed them . though she wants the surviving animals to be returned to her , zoo officials said they will continue to care for the animals , and leave it up to the sheriff 's department to decide if the animals will go home , to another facility , or remain at the zoo . owner or mother ? marian thompson covered herself to avoid reporters as she went to visit the surviving animals , which she calls her babies released : this graphic shows the number of animals released by terry thompson before he killed himself on wednesday . the remaining macaque monkey is now believed to have been eaten by one of the big cats marian thompson , who shielded herself from reporters , told mr stalf that she is especially bonded with the surviving pair of primates . she revealed to him that when she was still living at the farm the surviving female macaque would sleep with her , abc news reported . caged and alone , the sad survivors of the exotic animal bloodbath in ohio are now in the care of the columbus zoo . six animals three leopards , a grizzly bear and two monkeys were captured and taken to the zoo after they were freed by thompson before he killed himself . we are happy to report they all seem to be doing very well , zoo spokeswoman patti peters said in a statement on thursday . watch video here .:==:questions surround last moments of terry thompson , the ranch owner who released 56 animals before killing himself . records show he was deep in debt . wife marian thompson wants the animals returned , revealing that she slept with the female primates . six surviving animals doing well , according to zoo officials .

a tiny b b in the outer hebrides has won a landmark legal victory against holiday review website tripadvisor . richard gollin , 64 , launched a small claims action at stornoway sheriff court over what he says are false and malicious criticisms of his guesthouse in lewis , which the site refused to take down after being posted by its users . he maintained the website lost him valuable bookings of around £2,000 by refusing to remove the untrue comments . richard gollin claimed that negative comments posted about his guesthouse are false and should have been removed by tripadvisor criticised : the guesthouse at the centre of the legal dispute until now , tripadvisor , which is based in the u.s. and worth around $4 billion , has denied it was subject to uk laws and could therefore not be sued . it previously challenged the jurisdiction of the scottish court claiming the firm is outside the remit of the scottish legal system because it is based in massachusetts . however , mr gollin s lawyer , duncan burd , a solicitor who is more used to crofting cases , won a concession from the firm which has agreed it can be sued in scotland . the floodgates could be opened to people suing global website travel guide tripadvisor after the significant victory won by a tiny b b splendid isolation : mr gollin 's guesthouse enjoys beautiful surroundings , with mountains and beaches on its doorstep but it was a bittersweet victory for mr gollin as sheriff colin scott mackenzie ruled in tripadvisor s favour over transferring the action to a higher court , which requires him to hire a lawyer and be exposed to unlimited expenses . an appeal is being lodged and is expected to be heard in stornoway in two months . if it goes ahead , the case will now pivot on the legal interpretation of tripadvisor s website terms and under the basis of the unfair contract terms act 1977 . the floodgates for legal action against the site could now open , because the decision could be cited in cases outside scotland .:==:guesthouse owner wins the right to take legal action against website in scotland . richard gollin claims false criticisms lost him bookings worth £2,000 . he must now block tripadvisor 's bid to take the dispute to a higher court , where he could lose thousands in legal bills .

crew members of the maersk alabama , safely back in the united states after being attacked by pirates last week off somalia , recounted their ordeal thursday . navy personnel recover the lifeboat from which maersk alabama capt . richard phillips was rescued sunday . they start firing before they climb , with ak 47 , crew member zahid reza said . i was scared for my life . i was almost close to that . and they tried to shoot me many times , he said , pointing to his head . pointing gun all over . here , there , in the back . pirates tried three times to board the u.s. flagged cargo ship before their fourth attempt was successful , fellow crew member william rios said , adding that the groups of pirates were different but that he thinks they were working together . rios said he was working on deck when he was called back to lock down the ship . then , he said , there were gunshots , and an alarm went off to alert all crew members to wake up and get on deck . we went to our training , he said , declining to provide details : if i tell you all what we did , pirates , they would know . watch the crew praise their captain the pirates intended to ask for a $3 million ransom , reza said . he said he and the ship 's chief engineer took one of the pirates hostage . reza said he persuaded the pirate whom he described as a young man , maybe 18 or 19 to trust him , pointing out that he is bangladeshi and the pirate was somali . his name is abdul , reza said . i told him , trust me i am muslim you are muslim . he told abdul he would take him to the engine room to find more crew members . when they got there , the room was dark , he said , and he did not know the ship 's chief engineer was in there . he said the chief engineer jumped the pirate first , then reza stabbed him with his knife , and the two men tied the pirate 's hands and feet . reza said he intended to kill the youth , but the chief engineer told him , no , we need him alive . watch reza talk about wanting to kill the pirate he was fighting me and chief engineer , to get away from us a lot of yelling , shouting and screaming . rios said he went to the lifeboat , where capt . richard phillips was being held , to exchange abdul for phillips but was u.s.ccessful . the captain who offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the freedom of his crew was rescued by u.s. navy seals on sunday . the seals , on the nearby guided missile destroyer u.s.bainbridge , fatally shot three pirates and rescued phillips . a fourth pirate was arrested . i feel great they got killed , reza said . i am happy . he said he was proud of the navy . phillips arrived in mombasa , kenya , aboard the bainbridge on thursday . the crew arrived at andrews air force base in maryland overnight . watch crew arrive in u.s. rios said phillips is outstanding he is extraordinary he is very brave man . another crew member , john white , said they were damn lucky to be alive . rios called for more security in the gulf of aden . put more military to patrol the waterway for us transporting material back and forth , he said . . all the countries got to get involved with this . reza echoed the call . i think government should get involved , he said . they should think about our safety , yes . this piracy is getting bigger and bigger . cnn 's paul courson , virginia nicolaidis and dugald mcconnell contributed to this report .:==:new : maersk alabama crew tell about pirates takeover of ship . new : crew member says he gained confidence of , tried to kill pirate . new : i feel great they got killed , crew member says of pirates . new : crew calls for international effort to secure shipping lanes .

former national security agency chief michael hayden was heckled at the conservative political action conference after he called himself an unrelenting libertarian . hayden was at the conference on friday for a debate with fox news senior judicial analyst and libertarian judge andrew napolitano , which was moderated by fox business network 's lou dobbs . at one point in the debate , hayden , who also used to head the cia , said : let s talk about facts . the judge is an unrelenting libertarian . his comment was followed by a large applause from the audience . but when he added , so am i , the crowd booed and laughed , with many people shouting no , you are not former nsa and cia chief michael hayden debated the rights of the fourth amendment with libertarian judge andrew napolitano at the conservative political action conference on friday . hayden was heckled after claiming that like napolitano , he , too , was an unrelenting libertarian all applause from the conservative audience stopped as hayden gave reasoning into why he considers himself a libertarian . i am an unrelenting libertarian who is also responsible for four decades of his life for another important part of , the part that says provide for the common defense , he said . the majority of the conservative audience members appeared to support fox news analyst napolitano 's viewpoints file photo hayden 's comments came after napolitano told the audience they should be outraged by nsa 's surveillance programs , first revealed in 2012 by whistleblowers including edward snowden . napolitano warned the crowd that the government had the power to turn on people 's phones , read texts and listen to conversations . we are in a twilight era where freedom is diminishing , the judge told the audience . hayden said in his followup : if nsa were even capable of doing what the judge has outlined for you we would not have be having a debate here today . there would be nothing to argue about . later into the debate , napolitano asked the former nsa chief : wouldoes the head of nsa have the constitutional legal authority to move the line between privacy and surveillance ? several audience members began yelling no , and dobbs turned to hayden , telling him the crowd response was a clue how they would like you to answer . the accusations fit on a bumper sticker but reality takes a little bit longer , hayden said , going on to say that while targeting foreigners , the nsa is required to withhold information collected about us citizens , according to the daily dot . so in other words , foreign terrorist , abu akmad bin bad guy was talking to a known us person . we minimize the us identity to protect your privacy , unless of course , the identity of the us is absolutely essential to the intelligence value of the intercept in the first place , he said . hayden downplayed nsa 's spy programs throughout the debate while side stepping napolitano 's main claim that seizing an american 's property unreasonably , through correspondence and data , without probable because , violates the constitution 's fourth amendment . hayden failed to respond to napolitano 's main argument , that seizing an american 's property without probable because violates the constitution 's fourth amendment . the former nsa chief has said in the past that privacy is a line that people must continuously negotiate at one point , hayden said the debate was beginning to feel like an away game . this is not the first time hayden as spoken out about the nsa , rights of privacy and hacking . in january during a speech at washington and lee university , the former chief discussed what constitutes as a probable search under the fourth amendment , according to the atlantic . hayden said that americans have a duty to reveal their ingoing and outgoing calls as well as their internet activity . privacy is the line we continuously negotiate between ourselves as unique creatures of god and ourselves as social animals , he said . in the first category we have a right to keep things to ourselves . and in the second category we have a responsibility to reveal things about ourselves to the community for the greater good .:==:michael hayden was debating with libertarian judge andrew napolitano . in an audience of primarily conservatives , he said both men were libertarians . crowd began heckling hayden and shouting no , you are not . men were debating privacy and the constitution 's fourth amendment .

senator marco rubio has branded barack obama 's apology to an art history professor pathetic after the president personally wrote a note saying he regretted denigrating the subject . the republican senator for florida took to twitter to issue a condemnation of mr obama 's climbdown , saying we do need more degrees that lead to jobs . it came after mr obama hand wrote an apology to university of texas professor ann collins johns for suggesting learning a trade would be a better career choice than studying for an art history degree . pathetic : marco rubio , the republican senator from florida , has criticised barack obama for his apology to an art history professor after he glibly said that studying the subject was not as good as learning a trade senator rubio 's tweet : the high flying republican rarely misses an chance to cock a snook at the president during a speech at a general electric plant in wisconsin , he said that folks can make a lot more potentially with skilled manufacturing or the trades than they might with an art history degree . he was inundated with letters from art historians and journalists all furious at his remarks but it was professor johns comments that caught his eye . the university of texas professor ann collins johns sent a message to the president via the white house website , politico reported . she argued that art history teaches students how to think , read and write critically , while also praising how inclusive the subject is and in response , obama wrote to clarify that he was making a point about the jobs market , rather than commenting on the value of the subject , according to the huffington post . he also wrote that art history had been invaluable in teaching him to appreciate works of art . but it appears that mr rubio , a leading light in the republican party who has been tipped as a possible future presidential contender , vehemently disagreed . his tweet , posted last night , read , pathetic obama apology to art history prof . we do need more degrees that lead to jobs , before ending with a link to a news story reporting on the president 's note . this is the handwritten apology president obama sent to the university of texas professor ann collins johns argued that art history teaches students how to think , read and write critically , while also praising how inclusive the subject is professor johns told blog hyperallegic that the content of her email : was not so much one of outrage at his statement , but rather a look at what we do well statement . i emphasized that we challenge students to think , read , and write critically . i also stressed how inclusive our discipline is these days . ann , let me apologize for my off the cuff remarks . i was making a point about the jobs market , not the value of art history . as it so happens , art history was one of my favorite subjects in high school , and it has helped me take in a great deal of joy in my life that i might otherwise have missed . he explained that he was merely trying to inspire students to consider a path other than college , if it suit them better than struggling at college . he wrote : so please pass on my apology for the glib remark to the entire department , and understand that i was trying to encourage young people who may not be predisposed to a four year college experience to be open to technical training that can lead them to an honorable career . in a letter published on the blog hyperallergic , obama wrote : ann , let me apologize for my off the cuff remarks . i was making a point about the jobs market , not the value of art history . as it so happens , art history was one of my favorite subjects in high school , and it has helped me take in a great deal of joy in my life that i might otherwise have missed . he explained that he was merely trying to inspire students to consider a path other than college , if it suit them better than struggling at college . he wrote : so please pass on my apology for the glib remark to the entire department , and understand that i was trying to encourage young people who may not be predisposed to a four year college experience to be open to technical training that can lead them to an honorable career . there s nothing wrong with art history , i love art history , obama immediately said after making the comment about art history degrees . so , i do not want to get a bunch of emails from everybody . i m just saying , you can make a really good living and have a great career without getting a four year college education , as long as you get the skills and training that you need . afterwards johns wrote that she was a supporter of the president , and believed he had done a great job in extremely challenging circumstances . his comments came after his state of the union speech . he outlined a series of actions he plans to take by himself to help america 's employment conditions . they include a government wide review of job training programs , ceo roundtable , and mobilizing businesses and community colleges to create apprenticeships . he also plans to stimulate the economy by introducing a new $10.10 minimum wage for federal contract workers , new starter retirement savings accounts and effort to bring jobs to the u.s. from overseas .:==:obama 's apology came after he suggested learning a trade would be a better career choice than studying for an art history degree . he said he regretted his comments in an hand written apology professor ann collins johns who argued art history teaches students how to think . now senator rubio slams the commander in chief for his you turn , tweeting that we do need more degrees that lead to jobs .

international air passengers face tightened security on u.s. bound flights following the alleged attempt by nigerian umar farouk abdulmutallab to bomb a christmas day flight heading for detroit . u.s. travel and security authorities , international airlines and airports and aviation organizations have all moved quickly to implement a range of measures that will impact travelers normal routine . which flights are affected by the new measures ? at present only flights to the united states are affected . what are the measures ? the transportation security administration , which oversees the security for u.s. travel , says it has issued a directive for additional security measures to be implemented for flights as they leave their last stop before the united states . the authority has not made public the directive . but it said in a statement that passengers can expect to see extra security at international airports such as increased gate screening including pat downs and bag searches . during flight , passengers will be asked to follow flight crew instructions , such as stowing personal items , turning off electronic equipment and remaining seated during certain portions of the flight . individual airlines and airports will each interpret the tsa directive in their own way . but anecdotal advice suggests that passengers are not allowed to leave their seats for the bathroom or to access luggage during the final hour of any flight , nor keep blankets or pillows on their laps . passenger niki yazzie , who was on a flight saturday from brussels , belgium , to dulles airport in virginia told cnn that passengers not allowed to leave their seats for the last hour of the flight . there have also been reported bans on the use of laptops and mp3 players . what will be the knock on impact on air travel ? the measures , which only apply to u.s. bound flights , are not at present as severe as those introduced after 911 or the revelation of the liquid bomb plot in august 2006 . cnn aviation analyst richard quest cautions : if the measures are just for u.s. bound flights then they are workable . if they are for all passenger flights then things will grind to a halt . it will not be as bad as the ban on liquids but it will be close . can passengers expect more extensive precautions ? quest says that the detroit incident has exposed a hole in airport security . this is their worst nightmare , he said , someone following procedure and still getting through . they are trying to avoid the ultimate the ban on hand luggage and the physical search . but they have now been forced into the latter . he adds that airlines would eventually ease the severity of some of the measures . there is no way a major carrier will tell its business class passengers that they cannot have a pillow and blanket . american carriers tend to be the first to introduce security measures and the last to abandon them to the benefit of rival airlines . what are airlines telling passengers ? all are following a similar line check before you fly , turn up early , expect tougher security and skimp on the hand luggage . british airways has advised that only one item of hand luggage is allowed for all passengers traveling to the u.s. from heathrow , gatwick or london city . this applies to passengers whose journey originates in london , as well as those who are transferring flights . it adds that holiday presents in hand luggage will need to be unwrapped but only for u.s. bound flights . american airlines meanwhile advises that all passengers should plan to arrive at the airport at least three hours in advance of their flight 's departure to allow extra time for check in and the boarding process . cathay pacific states that additional security measures will include : pat down check by security personnel and physical inspection of their cabin baggage and personal property prior to boarding and , restricting the use of cabin phones at any time during the flight . passengers will be required to cooperate with cabin crew on any other inflight security measures as instructed . what does this mean for passengers ? after previous scares extra security measures have been introduced , only to eventually be scaled back slightly . now , life for travelers is likely to become more complicated again . after this latest incident there will now be the normal fuss and furor for an airline , said quest . female passengers , for example , might have to put handbags and purses in hand luggage rather than being allowed to carry them in addition . will travelers from certain countries be affected ? a leaked copy of the tsa 's standard operating procedures , published online in early december , stated that travelers from certain nations cuba , iran , north korea , libya , syria , sudan , afghanistan , lebanon , somalia , iraq , yemen or algeria should be referred for screening . the inclusion of yemen is notable as the country where umar farouk abdulmutallab says the explosive device was acquired , according to a u.s. federal security bulletin . quest says that while positive vetting where certain groups of travelers are targeted would not be enforceable , it may take place covertly . how long will these measures continue ? patdown is here to stay on u.s. bound flights , says quest , adding that it would even apply to all family members heading for a break at disneyworld in orlando . this incident has exposed what the airline authorities hoped would not be shown up .:==:u.s. authority in charge of travel security issues new directive on measures after alleged terror bid . airlines : check before flying , turn up early , expect tougher security , skimp hand luggage . all passengers flying to the united states can expect physical searches .