a group of male carpenters , plumbers and cleaners have won a landmark equal pay case after complaining they were paid less than female secretaries . the 18 workmen sued saying they were given around £4,000 less a year than women on the same pay scale when their employer merged with another university last year . now in what is thought to be the first decision involving such a large group of men , bosses have agreed and the workers along with eight others are in line for £30,000 each in back pay . landmark case : workmen nicholas thomas , rob cooze and mike betson are among 26 due £30,000 each from the university of wales trinity st david after saying they were paid less than female colleagues the university of wales , trinity st david which merged with the men 's former employer swansea metropolitan university had insisted the difference was not due to gender . but in a surprise you turn , the university said today it would no longer contest the case . a spokesman said chiefs had re thought their position after a former swansea vice chancellor , professor david warner , gave evidence to their employment tribunal . we came to the view the original claim presented by staff to the former swansea metropolitan university had due merit and , as a result , an appropriate remedy should be agreed and actioned , the spokesman added . but the spokesman insisted the situation was not the university 's fault and was down to historical decisions by swansea before the metropolitan university ceased to exist . changing hands : the men were all employed at swansea metropolitan university which has since become a campus of university of wales trinity st david . the university blamed historical decisions it is believed to be the first time that such a large group of men have launched legal action in britain claiming sexual discrimination . although tribunals brought by men are not unheard of , the case involving the welsh university workers has been described as very unusual . all the men were originally employed by swansea metropolitan university which merged with the university of wales trinity saint david in august last year . they were on grade three of the university 's pay scale and the dispute arose when their contracts changed . previously , the men had been on a minimum 45 hour week until new regulations sought to standardise all workers to a 37 hour week instead . fearing the drop in hours would because problems , university bosses said they would guarantee the men the extra eight hours but class it as overtime pay . victory : tradesman rob cooze , 50 , plumber mike betson , 65 , and carpenter nicholas thomas , 47 , address the media outside the employment tribunal in cardiff where the group may have won £750,000 yet when the new system was put in place , the men said they realised their hourly rate was less than women including secretaries and office employees who were on the same pay grade . both parties are yet to agree a payout but it is thought it will amount to £30,000 in back pay for each of the 18 workers , along with eight more who said they would lodge the same claim . women may have first earned the vote in 1918 , but it would take more than 50 years before they were given the right to demand the same wages as men . the equal pay act was only passed in 1970 and did not become law until 1976 , finally giving women the right to the same salaries and terms as men doing the same job . yet many employers , who had lobbied against the act saying it would bankrupt them , simply re graded women 's jobs so that on paper they were technically serving a different role to men . the equality act 2010 tightened up many of the laws enacted in 1970 and people can sue if they are doing broadly the same job , even if it is not given the same title . yet many women still feel they have a raw deal . the pay gap widened for the first time in five years in december with women earning an average of £5,000 a year less often because men still take many of the top jobs . the workers lawyers will also apply for costs , though the men are not seeking money for injury to feelings . speaking outside the employment tribunal in cardiff , robert cooze , 50 , from swansea , said he and his colleagues were over the moon . we did not want it to come to this really but we are glad common sense has prevailed , said mr cooze . it s been admitted that we have been discriminated against . with all due respect to our new employers , trinity st david , this is completely new to them and is a historical issue . i would like to think that they have had some input into this . we are just so relieved and can get on with our ordinary working days now . at certain times it did get us down because in the past . we felt like we were not being listened to i just hope it has not soured any relations between us and our new employers . the trinity st david spokesman added : the employment tribunal related to events that occurred more than seven years ago at the now dissolved higher education corporation swansea metropolitan university , and several years before its merger with the university of wales trinity saint david which took place in 2013 . the university of wales trinity saint david had no involvement in the decisions that were made by swansea metropolitan university in 2007 . this was a complex case and we are very disappointed the new university now has to deal with , in an appropriate manner and with due care , the consequences of historical decisions . rob cooze said : we are just so relieved and can get on with our ordinary working days now .:==:26 workers in swansea could receive around £750,000 in back pay . it is thought to be first sex discrimination case by a large group of men . they lost out when swansea metropolitan university changed hands . when they moved to new contracts with university of wales , hourly rate was less than for women already employed on the same pay scale . university bosses have now withdrawn case and are discussing a payout . robert cooze , 50 , said : we re glad common sense has prevailed .

a maintenance worker has been accused of fitting spy cameras into a police station changing room and shower to film female officers as they undressed . as well as recording up to four officers during private acts for his sexual gratification , christopher richardson blake is accused of stealing a laptop computer belonging to thames valley police . richardson blake , 32 , was released on bail after appearing before a magistrates court today . christopher richardson blake left outside court and right with his wife , amy , 32 , of redbridge , is accused of fitting spy cameras into a police station changing room and shower to film female officers as they undressed the defendant had worked for initial building services ltd as a site engineer in charge of electrical maintenance at abingdon police station , oxfordshire , between april 2011 and june 2012 . the charge of recording officers related to incidents between june and july 2011 . he is accused of stealing the laptop between october 2011 and june 2012 . richardson blake , of redbridge , werrington , in peterborough , was released on bail . a condition of his bail is that he does not contact his wife , amy richardson blake , or enter an address in werrington or one to one computers . he was ordered to appear before magistrates at oxford crown court on december 9 . sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons .:==:christopher richardson blake accused of recording up to four officers during private acts for sexual gratification . richardson blake , 32 , of redbridge , werrington , in peterborough , is also accused of stealing a laptop belonging to thames valley police .

karl pierson killed a classmate before killing himself in denver last year a student who killed a classmate before taking his own life at a suburban denver high school last year showed a friend photos of the sandy hook elementary shooting and thought one of the images was funny in a crude way , according to documents released thursday . karl pierson , 18 , also showed the friend pictures of the shotgun he later used in the december 13 attack at arapahoe high school , according to investigators applications for search warrants . the arapahoe county sheriff 's office released the records to the associated press as part of an open records request . the documents show detectives investigated tips that other students knew of pierson 's plan , but police have said they concluded no one else was aware of it authorities believe pierson was targeting his debate coach when he entered the school with a shotgun , machete , homemade bombs and 125 rounds of ammunition . investigators said he shot and killed 17 year old claire davis before turning the gun on himself in the school library as security officers closed in the coach escaped unharmed . the documents show pierson had written numbers on his arm corresponding to classrooms and the message , in latin , the die has been cast . two school security guards told investigators they saw pierson looking at pictures of guns and mass shootings on his computer six weeks before the shooting . and police found a book about the columbine high school attack when they searched his mother 's home . arapahoe county , colo . sheriff dave walcher talks during a news conference last week to release new details from a lengthy investigation into the deadly shooting at arapahoe high school an autopsy report showed the only substance in pierson 's system the day he died was caffeine . in closing the case last week , sheriff dave walcher said school officials did not suspend pierson in september and allowed him to return to class after he threatened to kill the coach , who had recently demoted him as captain of the team . pierson 's mother kept him out of school three days . administrators did not deem him a danger , even though the coach told them he was so fearful he considered resigning . a school resource officer who is also a deputy made a report of the threat but took no further action .:==:karl pierson , 18 , killed claire davis , 17 , at a denver high school last year . pierson had photos of sandy hook school shooting and had a book about the columbine high school attack at home . he also had written numbers on his arm corresponding to classrooms and a latin message the die has been cast .

world bank president robert zoellick will step down in june world bank president robert zoellick will step down in june it has been revealed and the u.s. government has indicated that his replacement could go to a non american . the obama administration said it would open the process to competition , marking the first time it has shown willingness to loosen its grip on the world 's top development lender . zoellick took the reins at the bank in 2007 after a staff revolt pushed out paul wolfowitz , and he moved quickly to return the institution 's focus to alleviating poverty . developing countries have for years pressed for a greater voice in leading global financial institutions and are likely to stress the importance of a competitive process , but the united states is still widely expected to retain its hold on the job . u.s. treasury secretary timothy geithner said in a statement : it is very important that we continue to have strong , effective leadership of this important institution , and in the coming weeks , we plan to put forward a candidate with experience and requisite qualities to take this institution forward . while geithner called for an open and expeditious process , analysts say washington can ill afford to give up the post without risking the u.s. congress cutting funding for the bank . in an interview , zoellick said his decision to leave on june 30 at the end of his five year term was his own and was not due to pressure from the obama administration . the former u.s. chief trade negotiator and deputy secretary of state dismissed speculation he would join a republican presidential campaign as not true , saying only that he would decide what to do next once he leaves the world bank . it really was my own decision , zoellick said . my personal sense is it is time to move on and i think once you feel that way you should not stay . zoellick , who discussed the selection process with the board in a two hour meeting yesterday , said the first step was for the board to call for nominations . an open process is important , he said . in the running ? possible u.s. candidates include secretary of state hillary clinton , left , and former white house economic adviser lawrence summers , right speculation has been rife over who might take the job when zoellick departs . possible u.s. candidates include secretary of state hillary clinton and former white house economic adviser lawrence summers , but the state department said clinton would not be taking the job . she has said this is not happening , spokeswoman victoria nuland said . emerging market and developing countries have campaigned hard in recent years to break europe 's grip on the top position at the international monetary fund and the united states hold on the presidency of the world bank . officials from large emerging economies like brazil said the selection process for zoellick 's successor should be based on qualifications and not nationality . however , they acknowledged that given u.s. congressional pressure the job will probably remain in the hands of an american . last year , emerging market economies made an aggressive push to fill the imf top job in a bitter contest won by france 's christine lagarde . on capitol hill , lawmakers said the world bank job should stay in u.s. hands . zoellick took the reins at the bank hq in washington pictured in 2007 after a staff revolt pushed out paul wolfowitz i think it ought to be an american given the balance between that and the imf and the interests that we have right now , said senate foreign relations committee chairman john kerry , a democrat from massachusetts . senator richard lugar of indiana , the committee 's top republican , echoed that sentiment : ideally i would like to see an american replace him . that would be my preference . nancy birdsall , who heads the center for global development in washington , said that while the united states was committed to an open process on paper , domestic politics necessitated a american successor . the election year timing puts the white house in an especially unenviable position . there is a risk that the world bank could become a highly partisan , u.s. hot button issue , as the un has too often been , she wrote in a recent blog . when zoellick took the job in july 2007 , he turned the attention of the bank to a brewing food and energy price crisis that was stoking social unrest in the poorest parts of the world . as the bank looked for ways to help , the global financial crisis of 2008 threatened to undermine more than a decade of strong growth in emerging and developing countries . under zoellick , world bank lending increased sharply to $44 billion in fiscal 2010 from $13.5 billion in 2008 , reflecting the increased development needs of fast rising countries in asia , africa , latin america and the middle east . zoellick also won approval for an $86.2 billion increase in the bank 's general resources . it was the first increase in more than 20 years . he championed more voting power for emerging economies and convinced china , brazil and others to contribute more funding . despite budget strains in the developed world , zoellick lobbied for and secured more than $90 billion in pledges to replenish a separate world bank fund for the poorest countries . in an effort to modernize the world bank , he has given a greater voice to emerging economies . he has also championed the need for better governance in regions such as the middle east , where street protests toppled dictators in tunisia , egypt and libya .:==:robert zoellick will step down in june after five years .u.s. still expected to retain its hold on the top job .

the queen will today grant a posthumous pardon for wartime codebreaker alan turing , who was convicted in the 1950 s for homosexual activity . the pardon is only the fourth since the second world war to be granted under the royal prerogative of mercy . it was requested by justice secretary chris grayling , who described turing as a national hero who fell foul of the law because of his sexuality . pardoned : almost 60 years after he killed himself with cyanide , gay enigma codebreaker alan turing will be given a royal pardon for the conviction which destroyed his life . homosexual acts were only legalised in 1967 mathematical genius : mr turing was seen as the father of modern computing and artifical intelligence a life destroyed : alan turing with friends in his youth . he was 41 when he poisoned himself with cyanide ordinary house , extraordinary deeds : hut 8 naval inteligence , where alan turing worked to crack german codes at bletchley park , milton keynes . there has been a long running campaign to clear his name codebreaker : the machine designed by alan turing which cracked the german enigma code , thereby stripping the german you boats which were blockading britain of their cover during the second world war icon : the codebreaker was previously honoured with a statue in manchester 's gay village , left , and a cover of the gay magazine attitude , right . gay rights activist peter tatchell said all those convicted should be pardoned during the second world war , the mathematician was pivotal in cracking the german enigma codes , which gave allied leaders vital information about the movement and intentions of hitler s forces . historians credit the work of turing and his fellow codebreakers at bletchley park in buckinghamshire with shortening the war by up to two years , saving countless lives . turing is also widely seen as the father of computer science and artificial intelligence . but in 1952 he was convicted for homosexual activity , which was illegal at the time . to avoid prison , turing agreed to chemical castration – hormonal treatment designed to reduce libido . in 1954 , aged 41 , he died of cyanide poisoning . an inquest recorded a verdict of suicide , although his mother and others maintained that his death was accidental . as well as physical and emotional damage , his conviction had led to the removal of his security clearance and meant he was no longer able to work for gchq , the successor to the government code and cypher school , based at bletchley park . speaking today , baroness trumpington who worked with turing at bletchley park praised her former colleague , saying we could have lost the war had it not been for his work . she told bbc radio 4 's today programme : i really am very pleased . we knew the work he was doing at bletchley park was great . without him , we could have lost the war . our submarines were being sunk at the rate of knots . we could have lost the war through starvation . that is how bad it was . legendary : mr turing 's story was dramatised several times , including in the 1986 play breaking the code , which played at london 's theatre royal . alan turing , right , was played by sir derek jacobi drama : turing will be played by benedict cumberbatch in the forthcoming drama the imitation game , which also features kiera knightley . the pair were spotted filming in london 's king 's cross station in october more recently turing was depicted by ed stoppard in the channel 4 drama britain 's greatest codebreaker rare : there have only been three royal pardons since the end of the second world war turing is being granted a pardon after a long campaign to rehabilitate his reputation . pardons are usually given when someone has been found to be innocent after the event , but government sources said turing was being pardoned because he was a truly exceptional man who saved britain . that means the decision to pardon turing will not lead to pardons for the other 50,000 men convicted of similar homosexual offences . mr grayling told the mail : in a list of britain s war heroes , the names of people like churchill , montgomery , barnes wallis , stand proud . alan turing s name should sit with them . and yet after the war , far from being feted as a hero , he finished his life in disgrace . he was hauled before the courts and humiliated . his crime was that he was gay . i have always regarded it as one of the great blights on our country s history that a man who did so much for all of us should have been treated in such a terrible way . and i am proud that the queen has agreed to my request that he should be granted a full posthumous pardon , and that his memory should now have no stain upon it alan turing is one of the key reasons why britain remained a free country . it is right that we should remember and celebrate his memory free from the taint of injustice . the campaign to pardon turing was backed by mps from all parties and by scientists such as the physicist stephen hawking . an e petition calling for a pardon received 37,404 signatures . in 2009 the then prime minister gordon brown issued a public apology for his treatment but did not secure a pardon . yesterday prime minister david cameron said : alan turing was a remarkable man who played a key role in saving this country . his action saved countless lives . he also left a remarkable national legacy through his substantial scientific achievements , often being referred to as the father of modern computing . tory mp iain stewart , who represents milton keynes south , home of bletchley park , said he was over the moon that justice has prevailed . rare : only three people have received royal pardons since 1945 : timothy evans , executed for the murder of his wife in 1950 derek bentley , hanged despite being feeble minded and michael shields , right derek bentley 's grave , left , proclaimed that he was a victim of british justice . timothy evans was only pardoned after it emerged serial killer john christie , right , had murdered his wife . by then he had been hanged he said : alan turing made a huge impact on the world he lived in and left a legacy for the world of today and tomorrow . this royal pardon is a just reward for a man who was stripped of his honour , his work , and the loyalty he showed his nation . but gay rights campaigner peter tatchell said : singling out turing just because he is famous is wrong . an apology and pardon is due to another 50,000 plus men who were also convicted of consenting , victimless homosexual relationships during the 20 th century . on 8 june 1954 , turing 's cleaner found him dead . a post mortem examination established the because of death was cyanide poisoning . an inquest determined that he had committed suicide , and he was cremated at woking crematorium on 12 june . several scholars , and even his family , have suggested turing 's death was not suicide and instead either an accident or linked to a conspiracy . when his body was discovered , an apple laid half eaten next to his bed . it was never tested for cyanide but it is speculated it was the source of the fatal does . some more peculiar theories suggest turing was obsessed with fairytale snow white and the seven dwarfs and his death was inspired by the poison apple in the story . the theory was supported in an article in the guardian written by turing 's friend , the author alan garner , in 2011 . however , later evidence suggested that turing habitually ate an apple before bed , and it was not unusual for it to be discarded half eaten . his mother is said to have thought the ingestion was accidental , because by her son 's storage of chemicals in his home . speaking on the 100 th anniversary of alan turing 's birth on 23 rd june 2012 , professor of philosophy jack copeland , university of canterbury , christchurch , new zealand , questioned the evidence given to the inquiry in 1954 . he said there was no evidence of premeditation there was no suicide note and he seemed to be in a cheerful mood in the days leading up to his death . he added that turing 's career was at an all time high and that he would not want to intentionally kill himself . he pointer out that his friend robin gandy stayed with turing a week before his death and he remarked how happy turing seemed finally , the academic remarked that the inquest was so bad that turing could even have been murdered . although it is is unclear who would have wanted to murder him mr copeland said his work at bletchly park was under strict secrecy until well after his death .:==:alan turing led the way in cracking the enigma codes at bletchley park . but he took his own life after 1952 conviction led to his chemical castration . it is only the fourth royal pardon since the end of the second world war . gay rights campaigner peter tatchell said 50,000 more apologies are due .

steve thomas , the 16 stone gardener who spent two hours trapped in a 15 inch gap when he fell off a ladder and got wedged u.s.de down a 16 stone gardener was rescued after he spent two hours trapped in a 15 inch gap when he fell off a ladder and got wedged u.s.de down between a wall and a she would . steve thomas was cutting back fir trees in his parents garden on thursday morning when he slipped and plunged 10 ft head first down the narrow opening . the 34 year old blacked out after hitting his head on a rock while his frantic worried mother and father desperately tried to free him . eventually the couple gave up and called firefighters who rescued him by taking the wall down one brick at a time . incredibly , mr thomas , who lives with his parents in worcester , suffered only grazes to his body and mild hypothermia in the freak accident . he was rushed to hospital as a precaution but is now back at home . he said : i m quite embarrassed by it i was on a ladder but had stood on the back of our wall , took a step back and over i went . i had my trainers on and they have no grip so i must have just slipped . i blacked out but when i came around i was u.s.de down and i was stuck fast . i could not move , i am 6 ft 3 ins and 16 stone , that is probably why i got stuck down there . mr thomas added : i did not realise how bad it was at first . i could not believe they brought the fire brigade out but i would have been there all day otherwise . the day the wall fell : the structure had to be taken apart brick by brick by emergency services mind the gap : the small space that the unfortunate mr thomas was stuck in it s been a bit of a blur . i cannot remember a lot of it because i hit my head on the way down and knocked myself out for a bit . i did not really know what was going on , the next thing i knew i was on my way to hospital in an ambulance . steve thomas was cutting back fir trees in his parent 's garden when the accident happened i ve got cuts and bruises all over and cannot move my right arm properly yet . his mother elaine , 60 , a cleaner , told how she struggled with her husband roger , 68 , for an hour to free steve before they had to call for help . she said : our next door neighbour is putting some fencing up and we thought we would cut some trees down . i was just holding the ladder and i turned around and he was gone . he tried to get out but there is a lot of rubbish in the gap . he got stuck on it , he is a big lad , he is 6 ft 3 ins . we tried for an hour to get him out but in the end we realised we could not . he got cold by then because he had been there long enough . i was shaking like a leaf . the fire brigade were marvellous . thank you to them and the medical staff . they were brilliant . roger , a retired railway engineer , added : i could not get at him to pull him back up he was sort of jammed . it was claustrophobic . firefighters from worcester blue watch fire station and an urban search and rescue team from droitwich , worcestershire , were called at 10 am on thursday to rescue mr thomas . crews used hand tools and painstakingly removed part of the wall brick by brick in order to free him . watch commanded davie bliston said : he had been down there for some time . we took the wall down brick by brick while giving him first aid . firefighters from worcester blue watch fire station and an urban search and rescue team from droitwich , worcestershire , rescued the unlucky gardener . pictured , his parent 's worcester home .:==:steve thomas , who is 6 ft 3 ins tall and weighs 16 stone fell headfirst . he was knocked out and when he came to was firmly wedged in his parents fought to free him for an hour before calling firefighters . luckily he suffered only grazes and mild hypothermia .

a beaming prince harry gave his royal approval to the australian women 's hockey side today after they trounced england in a 3 to 0 victory at the commonwealth games . the royal seemed thrilled to be introduced to the triumphant athletes at the glasgow national hockey centre , and posed for photographs with the aussie team , nicknamed the hockeyroos . despite england 's loss , harry , 29 , seemed in a jovial mood and smiled as he mingled with the players , who are favourites to win gold in the games , having taken the top spot in delhi in 2010 and melbourne in 2006 . royal welcome : members of the australian hockey team or the hockeyroos smile as harry seems to crack a joke after their victory in glasgow posed up : members of the team , which beat england 3 to 0 today and are favourites to take home a gold medal for their performance after shaking hands with the winning players , harry went on to pose for photographs with his arms around them . the prince , presumably in a gracious mood , also commiserated with the england team . jodie kenny and emily smith , who between them scored their teams goals , looked particularly thrilled in the aftermath of their victory . the team took the royal visit as further proof of their world domination , later tweeting : prince harry is on board the roovolution as meets anna flanagan and the girls after today 's win over england giving some tips ? the australian team took home a gold medal at the games in delhi in 2010 and melbourne in 2006 laughing along : prince william , left , was also in the frame today meeting the players after their game against england happy days : the two princes smiled in the sunshine today as they shook hands and posed with players from both teams the game means australia is safely through to the last four , securing the top place finish in pool b with four wins from four and a goal record of 25 scored and 0 conceded . england began brightly as birthday girl susannah townsend found ellie watton and tried to attack the goal , but were blocked by australian keeper rachael lynch . two quick scores , however , had england on the back foot as first kenny converted from a penalty corner on 17 minutes , before smith capitalised on a mistake from captain kate richardson walsh shortly afterwards . maddie hinch in the england goal was forced to save two shots from kenny before the break , while lily owsley fired a shot just wide of the mark . a green card for laura u.s.orth proved costly 13 minutes into the second half as shortly after she left the field , kenny slotted home from another short corner . england kept pressing and earned two penalty corners of their own but on both occasions they couldn t find the target – sam quek seeing an effort deflected behind . georgie twigg also made her return for england after missing their last game against malaysia through the injury she sustained in the opening game . after the match , england coach danny kerry said : australia were better than us defensively and offensively in both circles but i actually felt for large periods of the game we were playing the more constructive hockey . the reality is that we need to be much tougher in both circles and their corner execution was superior to ours today . group shot harry later posed with the england team , who were soundly defeated by their antipodean rivals undeterred : harry looked pleased with his company today after the hockey game , which was part of a busy day in which he also watched boxing and gymnastics .:==:the royal , 29 , met with the team at the glasgow commonwealth games after they beat the english team . smiled and posed with players nicknamed the hockeyroos in the wake of their 3 to 0 victory . was later joined by prince william , and seemed to joke with both the aussie and enlglish team at venue in glasgow .

veteran cricketer cecil wright is still racing in to bowl at the age of 79 , after bagging an amazing 7,000 wickets in an illustrious 65 year career . fast bowler cecil wright may be one of the oldest players in britain but he is refusing to be sent back to the pavilion because of his age , proved by the six batsmen he dismissed for his club side just last week . known as cec to his friends , he moved to oldham in greater manchester in the 1950 s to play league cricket and also represented jamaica , but he still remains the scourge of batsmen . still racing in : cecil wright , who turns 80 in december , remains the scourge of batsmen , taking 7,000 wickets in 65 years icons : cec , as he is known to his friends , played alongside greats of the game including legend viv richards in his last four games for his local league side he has taken 15 wickets , including six in one game , and said that even though his opening bowl is not as fast as it once was he is still a force to be reckoned with on the pitch . in his heyday he played alongside legends of the game including west indies cricket legends sir viv richards , sir frank worrell , sir gary sobers and joel garner as well as england 's denis compton . and he said that despite being old enough to be most of his opponents grandfather he can still teach them a thing or two about the game . cecil who has a son and two grandchildren and who lives in royton , near oldham , said : i ve been playing since i was a young boy and i was a professional for over 50 years so i do not want to finish yet . i ve been lucky with injuries and i have always kept fit so i will keep playing . some of the lads i play against might not expect much from an opponent who is approaching 80 but i am still good enough to get anyone out , even if my fast bowl is a bit of a medium bowl nowadays . top player : cecils pulls the ball in a match vs rochdale in 1962 , having come to britain to be a professional still got it : more than 50 years later mr wright celebrates taking another wicket this season he is set to play up to 40 games this season including matches in the saddleworth and district cricket league in oldham , greater manchester , for his side uppermill . last week cec took six wickets in a match against friarmere , bowling 10 overs in helping uppermill 's second xi to a 16 run win . instead of putting his feet up he then played again the next day , this time taking three wickets . cec first arrived in the uk from jamaica in 1959 after signing as the crompton professional in the central lancashire league . he had already made a first class appearance for jamaica . after three summers playing in the lancashire leagues he decided to stay in the uk during one spell he took 538 wickets in five seasons , averaging one every 27 balls in the days of the eight ball over . action man : cecil wright is believed to be one of the oldest cricketers in britain , and is sure to be the most successful of that age celebrated cecil : the 79 year old with his trophies and awards , he was even painted for a portrait by artist mark whyatt , given to him when he retired he met enid , who he has now been married to for 50 years . as well as playing cricket he also worked in a cotton mill , before starting work for mars in a distribution warehouse in manchester for 29 years . he said the secret of his long playing career is his love of lancashire food including hot pot and pie and peas as well as his favourite fruit and vegetables from the west indies including yams , sweet potatoes and green bananas . he has even taken up crown green bowls and has had to get used to bowling underarm and keeps fit by playing cricket with his two young grandchildren . one of the boys : cec with his uppermill cc teammates . he continues to take wickets for them winner : cecil part of a championship winning squad in 1981 , where his bowling drove the side on to victory more trophies : cec in the lancashire over 50 s team in the 1990 s , after yet another win he said : to be honest i eat anything that is going but i do not drink much , just the odd beer . and i keep fit , although these days i use my age as an excuse to miss training . i find keeping active helps to ease aches and pains . i do not like to sit still and watch tv , i would rather have a walk or potter about in the garage . if i have a bruised finger or a sore leg i do not worry about it , i just keep going and do not complain . i ve thought about retiring but i cannot . i ve no idea how many games i have played now in my career probably about two million . as long as i feel okay and i am selected i will continue to turn out . a spokesman for the cricket bible wisden said although some amateur cricketers had played into their late 80 s cec 's effort was pretty good going .:==:fast bowler cecil wright played for jamaica during his 65 year career . came to uk in the 1950 s to play league cricket and has taken 7,000 wickets . played with and against sir gary sobers , joel garner and denis compton . cecil 's secret : keeping active eases aches and pains and only the odd beer .

an overflow crowd spilled into the parking lot of a new york church at the funeral mass for a long island high school football player who died during a game last week . a funeral procession , led by police on motorcycles and accompanied by a pipe band , brought the casket of 16 year old tom cutinella to the st john the baptist roman catholic church in wading river on tuesday . cutinella , a junior on the shoreham wading river varsity football team , died after collapsing during a game last wednesday . the funeral procession led by police on motorcycles , brought the casket of 16 year old tom cutinella to st john the baptist roman catholic church in wading river on tuesday . his football jersey arranged from flowers was on top of one car tragic : tom cutinella pictured left and right , 16 , was playing as a linebacker for shoreham wading river high school against john glenn high school when he was fatally injured during a helmet on helmet tackle hundreds watched in silence as the funeral procession made its way to the church with the teen 's football jersey no 54 in flowers on top of one car . school was canceled for the day , cbs reported , as hundreds of school friends turned out to say goodbye to their classmate . his coffin was carried into the chapel by mourners as his devastated parents and three younger siblings followed behind . tom had been raced to huntington hospital on long island last week , where he underwent emergency surgery for a brain injury . but despite medics best efforts , he later died . authorities have not revealed a because of death . he was the third teenage footballer to die in five days following the deaths of cornerback demario harris jr and linebacker isaiah langston . friends and teachers have called cutinella an inspiration to his fellow classmates . many members of opposing teams attended a wake for cutinella on sunday and monday . his father frank cutinella revealed last week his son 's heartbreaking final words to him as he ran toward the school bus . he explained how the teenager had forgotten his no 54 football jersey , so he had had to hurry out of their long island home to give it to him . i threw the jersey at him and he caught it and said , i love you dad . he always said i love you to his family before going to school each morning , the father of four told newsday . a pipe band played a solemn funeral march as hundreds lined the street to watch the procession the teenager 's coffin was carried into the church and was followed by his devastated parents and three younger siblings hundreds of fellow students attended the funeral after school was canceled for the day of mourning but his mom was still in the house . then he gets halfway to the bus , turns around and says , tell mom i love her . that was the last message he gave us he added that his son , who was running for junior class president alongside his football teammate jason curran , was an honors student who loved to give . he always said , dad , you know i am a giver , he said . and he is still giving . i am at the hospital right now and they are harvesting every possible organ of his that they can . mr cutinella collided helmet to helmet with a glenn player while blocking during the third quarter of the game . shoreham 's head coach matt millheiser described the smash as a big hit . the player , the eldest of four siblings , then stood up and tried to walk off the field after the incident , but collapsed several feet from the sideline . he was attended to by emergency medical technicians and rushed to hospital by ambulance , while both teams agreed to suspend the game . candles burn at a makeshift memorial for 16 year old tom cutinella on the side of the field at shoreham wading high school in shoreham last week .:==:a funeral procession , led by police on motorcycles , brought the casket of 16 year old tom cutinella to a church in wading river , ny on tuesday . his jersey , no 54 , was created in flowers and placed on top of one car . the junior on the shoreham wading river varsity football team , died after collapsing during a game last wednesday .

gnomo orzo is a man with a plan . a member of italy 's reclusive damanhur community , mr orzo is helping pioneer one of the group 's most controversial technologies : time travel . we go in the past very , very long ago , very , very far away , because if you go very close to your present , you change a lot of events in your present , he explains of his inter dimensional travels . this is very dangerous for your present . this is not the first time the damanhurians have claimed to have cracked the secret of time travel they first did so in 1997 but , thanks to the controversy that ensued , have remained silent ever since . spiritual : the damanhur eco community of piedmont claims to have created a working time machine now the reclusive group , which is based in a series of small communities in piedmont in italy , has agreed to reveal more about their much disputed technology in a new documentary . it s like a machine but it s not only machine , it s not only physical . there are energies inside , adds mr orzo of his time machine . you have only a present , so in the past , you have the body , while here , all that is left behind is mass . but time travel is not the only unusual and as yet unproven technology that the damanhurians have to offer . founded in 1975 by oberto airaudi , the federation of damanhur , as it is officially known , combines neo pagan beliefs with a passion for nature both of which inform their activities . unusual : damahurian formica appears on new documentary , outsiders with darren mcmullen feat : this might look like an ordinary piedmontese home but beneath it is an extraordinary rock cut temple eco friendly : according to formica , the temples are dedicated to the earth and biodiversity beneath the damanhurians countryside complex is a network of rock cut temples , built by hand in the 70 s , and completely unknown to the italian government until 1992 . they are dedicated to the planet and the biodiversity , explains formica , a member of the damahurians piedmont community . the most famous of the temples , which sit 72 m below the ground , is the blue temple , which was built by had using picks and shovels and contains a mystical blue sphere . this blue sphere we use to take inspiration , adds formica . but mainly for finding the answers that we think we have inside ourselves . the religious aspect of damanhur life combined with lurid claims about time travel and the community 's insistence that new members take the name of a plant or animal when they join has led to accusations that instead of a community , the damanhur leaders are running a cult . formica , who has lived in the community for more than three decades , is less than impressed . no absolutely not , she exclaims . you know a cult is a very closed place but here are a lot of people coming and going we have many visitors . wouldamanhur was born to bring together the dreams of many people . to create something new . something never imagined before . despite her protests , there is no denying that some elements of damanhur life verge on the bizarre , not least their penchant for playing music with plants . one of the damanhur 's many fields of experimental research , the plant based jam sessions , take place in treehouses and use detectors to channel the plant 's music . founder : oberto airaudi , an italian philosopher who died last year , founded the damanhur in 1975 structure : esperide , left , is minister of foreign affairs , while the outdoor temple is used for rituals this is the music of the plants , says macaco , a friend of formica who chose to be named after the macau monkey . they are incredible . explaining how the damanhurs play the music of the plants , she says : there is one detector on the leaf and there s another detector which is close to the roots . it measures the electric conductivity of the plant . this digital data is then fed into a converter which assigns notes to each plant 's electrical impulses which than then be played out loud . so it s the human being that gives the sound to the plant , adds macaco , but it s the plant that chooses the notes . they like certain kinds of music and they don t like other kinds of music so much . if they do not like something , they will stop playing . formica , macaco and gnomo orzo appear on outsiders with darren mcmullen , friday night at 10 pm on national geographic .:==:the damanhur federation is an eco community based in piedmont in italy . members say they have built a time machine , a claim first made in 1997 . have remained silent for 16 years but will elaborate in a new documentary . other claims include the ability to get plants to play music .

a woman desperate to become the world 's biggest bride has embarked upon a 30,000 calorie a day diet in order to achieve her dream . susanne eman , 33 , weighs in at a staggering 520 lbs but says she needs to fatten up for her wedding day . unlike most figure conscious brides to be , in preparation for her final wedding dress fitting , susanne feasted on an enormous breakfast of pancakes , belgian waffles , hash browns , sausage links , steak , and a giant 12 egg omelette . larger than life : susanne eman , the 800 lb mother who is half way to reaching the record for being the fattest woman has been fitted for her wedding gown ahead of her nuptials to chef parker clack tucking in : the mother of two eats three guacamole bacon cheeseburgers , two orders of chili cheese fries , nine tacos , a chocolate shake and a large coke on the day of her appointment with the seamstress , susanne and her sister cassie , who will be susanne 's maid of honour when she marries her chef boyfriend , parker clack , 35 , later this year , made a pit stop for snacks , arriving at the dressmaker 's with a spread of three guacamole bacon cheeseburgers , two orders of chili cheese fries , nine tacos , a chocolate shake and a large coke . the monumental challenge of making a dress to fit the bride 's xxxxxxxxxl figure was given to dressmaker judee goff , who calculated after measuring susanne that she would need 45 ft of fabric to complete the dress . now judee has designed the world 's largest wedding gown for her larger than life client , using endless billowing lengths of chiffon and lace to cover susanne 's colossal curves . the one off gown is so large it takes three people to carry it , and half an hour to lace up at the back . seamstress judee , from paradise fabrics in phoenix , arizona , said : right now , it just fits snugly , and if she gains weight it will lace up looser in the back . we ve never made a dress like this before . there are no dress patterns this large . susanne said : when i tried the dress on , it was amazing , i felt like a bride . love at first bite : susanne eman and parker clack met online and bonded over their shared love of food happiness : the morbidly obese heavyweight believes that her goal of becoming the fattest human will remove the stigma that fat is bad seeing as she believes she is healthy , her sons are happy and she has found love susanne 's sister cassie said : i think she looks really beautiful in it the dress turned out amazing . she said : i ve never been married before and this is the first time i ve tried on a wedding dress . parker has not seen me in it , but he is seen photos and says i look beautiful . he has not formally proposed with a ring yet , as he wants to surprise me but we have agreed we are getting married , and he is just waiting for the right moment . susanne , who has given herself ten years to eat her way into the guinness book of records , had believed until recently that she weighed nearly 800 lbs after spending a year gorging on fast food , cakes , pasta , pizza , crisps and fatty snacks . fit ? ms eman tries to stay mobile and healthy by swimming and waddling and though her doctors warn her against pursuing her dream of creaking the record , she believes she in no danger incapacitated : susanne 's sister cassie , who will be maid of honour on susanne 's big day , has to push her sister in a wheelchair to the dress fitting but after recently being weighed on special obesity scales , susanne discovered to her disappointment that her weight was actually 520 lbs almost 1,000 lbs short of her goal weight of 1,600 lbs . now susanne has her own goal for the big day : to put on weight . in order to ekep gaining the pounds , susanne must eat 30,000 calories a day , which she gets from meals cooked for her by her husband to be susanne 's doctor is opposed to his patient 's morbid mission but susanne believes she can reach her target weight without endangering her life . susanne says she wants to try to break the stigma that being fat is bad . it s helped me to find love , so what is wrong with that ? she said . now that she has her wedding gown in her sights , susanne is hoping her chef boyfriend parker will formally propose so they can start planning their big day . customising : seamstress judy goff has to use about 45 feet of fabric to make the dress for the arizona native sizeable : ms eman 's waist measures a staggering 107.5 in , or nine feet , around making this surely one of the biggest wedding dresses ever made do not breathe out ms goff anticipates the extra inches when the bride sits down in her gown it s amazing to have something designed especially for me normally i just buy my clothes from plus size stores online . i talked over designs with the dressmaker and she came up with a dress i ve always dreamed of after having the girth of her 9 ft waist measured , susanne tried on veils and head pieces , talking excitedly about her expectations for the wedding . i m feeling like a bride . i cannot wait , she gushed . i like an off whitish , not completely white . because if i wear completely white , i guarantee i am going to spill something on it i cannot wait for parker to buy me a ring so we can start planning a wedding date , and things like the flowers , venue , and the cake . susanne , who earns a living by posting photographs for male fans online , met parker over the internet last year . i felt like a real bride susanne was overwhelmed with emotion when she tried on the fabric for her wedding dress after sharing emails and phone calls , the couple began dating , and parker moved in to susanne 's apartment a few months later . now the couple are inseparable , and parker , who is currently looking for work , spends his days making delicious dishes , including his signature spaghetti bolognese , for susanne . he said : susanne looked beautiful in her dress . i love big women , but i do worry about her health and i try to make sure she eats some salad and does her exercises . while details of the catering menu for the big event is not known , the couple insist that despite the gargantuan quantity of food consumed by susanne , she likes to eat healthily . mr clack has said of her ambition : i support her because it makes her happy , and i love big women . i do worry about her health of course , but i try to make sure she eats some healthy food like salad , and i make sure she does exercises . she is taken up swimming since we met and we love to swim together . i want her to be around for a long time after our wedding . susanne , who has two sons , gabriel , 16 , and brendin , 12 , added : i d love to have a nice wedding somewhere local , not too big and not too small , but with all my family and friends around me tight fit : susanne struggles into her car on the way to her appointment with the dressmaker vast : judy goff unrolls 15 feet of fabric but will need three times that amount to make a dress even despite the fact that it will be sleeveless as per the bride 's wishes choices choices : the bride to be and her seamstress look through samples and veils for the big day .:==:susanne eman , 33 , from arizona , dreams of becoming world 's biggest woman at goal weight of 1,600 lbs . unemployed susanne gorges on 12 egg omelettes , steak and sausages for breakfast cooked by chef boyfriend . custom made wedding gown is size xxxxxxxxxl and needed 45 ft of chiffon .

roger federer pulled out of his defense of the qatar open friday with a back injury before his arch rival rafael nadal was beaten in the semifinals of the $1 million tournament by gael monfils . federer , the three time defending champion at the season opening tournament , was due to face france 's jo wilfried tsonga for a place in the final . monfils , who brushed aside top seed nadal in straight sets , 6 to 3 64 , will now play his compatriot for the first title of the 2012 atp tour season . swiss maestro federer had nursed back spasms during his wins over greg zemlja and andreas seppi and undergone treatment between matches as well as taking painkillers . but with the australian open looming on monday week , the 16 time grand slam champion decided against risking the injury against tsonga . i hurt my back in my second round match against zemlja and i do not see any improvement today , he told gathered reporters . i ve played through two matches in pain and do not think it is the right thing to risk anything more now . it is the only right decision to make . it is only the second time i have pulled out from a tournament , and i have never pulled out during a match . it is a sad moment for me , the tournament , and the fans , but health comes first . federer sounded a cautious note ahead of the first grand slam of the season . although it is not very good it is not crazy bad , he said . i have had bad backs on the past , but this is not very good , otherwise i would definitely be playing , added federer , who is on a 20 match unbeaten run on the atp tour . in the later action on court , a single break of service saw fourth seed monfils take the opening set . nadal hit back to lead 4 to 1 in the second set before monfils conjured up five games in a row to compete a stunning victory in one hour 36 minutes . tsonga holds a 2 to 1 career winning record over monfils , but he lost their last encounter in montpellier in 2010 . earlier , andy murray raced into the semifinals of the brisbane international with a straight sets win over marcos baghdatis of cyprus . world no 4 murray beat baghdatis 6 to 2 6 to 2 and will play 19 year old australian hopeful bernard tomic in the last four in queensland . tomic beat uzbekistan 's denis istomin 6 to 3 7 to 6 in their quarterfinal match .:==:roger federer withdraws from qatar open with back injury . three time defending champion was due to play jo wilfried tsonga in the last four . top seed rafael nadal lost in straight sets to france 's gael monfils in second semifinal . andy murray sweeps into semifinals of brisbane international .

a man has been arrested and charged in brisbane for a suspected murder that took place 15 years ago . gerhard bruno wagner , 61 , was last seen on january 7 , 1999 , leaving his friend 's boat workshop at hemmant , in brisbane 's east , on his motorbike . a 53 year old man from brisbane 's northern suburbs was charged on wednesday with mr wagner 's murder , interfering with a corpse and stealing a vehicle . gerhard bruno wagner , 61 , was last seen on january 7 , 1999 , leaving his friend 's boat workshop at hemmant , in brisbane 's east , on his motorbike . a brisbane man has been charged with his murder detective superintendent steve holahan and the younger brothers of brisbane man gerhard bruno wagner , who vanished with his motorcycle 15 years ago renew an appeal in july to help solve his suspected murder he appeared in brisbane magistrates court on wednesday . detective superintendent steve holahan , of the state crime command 's homicide group , said investigators , the public and mr wagner 's family all helped in the lead up to the arrest . while i am confident the arrest will provide some comfort to gerhard 's family , who joined us in appealing for information earlier this year , we are still committed to bringing closure to the family , det supt holahan said . this case highlights the fact police will continue to investigate u.s.lved crimes regardless of when they were committed . a 53 year old man from brisbane 's northern suburbs was charged with gerhard bruno wagner 's murder , who disappeared 15 years ago , also interfering with a corpse and stealing a vehicle a $250,000 reward was issued two years ago for information but that did not provide the breakthrough . in july this year , mr wagner 's brothers paul and peter made a public appeal for new information . it is still very raw , paul wagner said at the time . not a day goes by that we do not think of him . we need to give him a decent burial and start to heal from this terrible tragedy . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .:==:brisbane man , 53 , charged with murder in 15 year old cold case . gerhard bruno wagner , 61 , was last seen leaving his friend 's boat workshop in hemmant in january , 1999 . the man was also charged with interfering with a corpse and stealing a vehicle . a $250,000 reward was issued two years ago for information but did not provide any breakthroughs .

the agony , guilt and sense of abandonment experienced by the hostages of the sydney siege have been revealed as they recounted their memories of the horrific 17 hour ordeal and the split second opportunities they had to escape . while some believed they risked dying if they stayed at the lindt café , others admitted to channel nine 's 60 minutes that they felt a responsibility to remain , convinced by the gunman 's threats that he would shoot one hostage for each one that fled . paolo vassallo , a father of two who was one of the first to escape the scene at martin place on december 15 , recalled the moment he offered 19 year old café co worker fiona ma the opportunity to run out with him . i said look , we are going now . you are coming with me . she is like : i cannot , i cannot and i was like why , fiona ? . i ran , i did not turn around , mr vassallo , who was the third hostage to escape , told 60 minutes . paolo vassallo , a father of two who was one of the first to escape , recalled the moment he offered café co worker fiona ma the opportunity to escape the lindt cafe , where man monis was holding them hostage reenactment : the19 year old refused , telling him : i cannot leave people behind because i would not be able to live with the guilt mr vassallo , pictured fleeing the cafe , spoke of his deep regret at leaving behind co worker tori johnson . i said sorry to him . i said sorry that you are dead and i wish i could have helped you , mr vassallo said he also spoke of his deep regret at leaving behind co worker tori johnson , who was shot dead by man haron monis just before the siege 's end . i said sorry to him . i said sorry that you are dead and i wish i could have helped you , mr vassallo said . ms ma , who was the first hostage to find out about fellow captive harriette denny 's secret pregnancy – which she called a good moment in a bad day revealed she was simply unable to leave the others behind . i cannot leave people behind because i would not be able to live with the guilt , she recalled telling mr vassallo . she was one of the last to leave the cafe before police made the decision to storm it others , like 30 year old ms denny , revealed the split second opportunities they had to escape earlier in the day and recalled grasping the moment without a thought . ms ma was one of the last to leave the cafe before police made the decision to storm it others , like pregnant 30 year old harriette denny , revealed the split second opportunities they had to escape and recalled grasping the moment without a thought i did not think i was coming out . knowing that you are about to die is kind of hard , the desperation you feel , the fear . and without even thinking i just ran , ms denny far left said despite being aware of endless opportunities to escape , jarrod morton hoffman refused to budge until the very end , just before police stormed the cafe reenacment : he recalled monis telling the hostages : if someone else leaves , someone dies selina win pe revealed that she faced the brunt of the gunman 's rage when he realised hostages had escaped earlier in the siege . he pressed me against the storage room side door . and i said please , brother . please do not shoot me please , please do not shoot , the 43 year old said i did not think i was coming out . knowing that you are about to die is kind of hard , the desperation you feel , the fear . and without even thinking i just ran , ms denny said . as more and more people escaped , the remaining hostages recalled their fear , convinced that the gunman would turn on them in revenge as promised . if someone else leaves , someone dies , café worker jarrod morton hoffman recalled monis saying . they had left us despite being aware of endless opportunities to escape , the 19 year old refused to budge until the very end . i saw april was standing up and she was pulling the deadbolt up on the side door . everyone 's looking at me because they know that the side door is open . louisa hope , 52 , who was at the café with her elderly mother robin , prepared to pay for the escaped hostages with her life . neither woman had the option to escape due to restricted mobility louisa suffers from multiple sclerosis and her 72 year old mother doubted she could run at great speed . i looked up and opened my eyes and they were all gone . well this is it but at the same time i am ready , ms hope told 60 minutes . louisa hope , 52 , who was at the café with her elderly mother robin , said she had prepared to pay for the escaped hostages with her life i could have organised two or three of the other men to jump him or get something to hit him over the head with but we could not organise anything because we were separated , john o brien , one of the first people to escape , told channel seven selina win pe revealed that she faced the brunt of the gunman 's rage when he realised more of the hostages had escaped . now he is realised another two , and he is heard it , we all heard it he pressed me against the storage room side door . and i said please , brother . please do not shoot me please , please do not shoot , the 43 year old said . other desperate plans also entered the minds of the likes of john o brien , one of the first hostages to escape just before mr vassallo . i could have organised two or three of the other men to jump him or get something to hit him over the head with but we could not organise anything because we were separated , mr o brien told the seven network . it comes after marcia mikhael , 43 , was hailed a hero by some of her fellow survivors , who revealed that she moved closer to the sydney siege gunman to allow them to escape . it comes after marcia mikhael , 43 , was hailed a hero by some of her fellow survivors , who revealed that she moved closer to the sydney siege gunman to allow them to escape elly chen tells presenter mark ferguson that she saved my life after helping her escape from inside the building during the afternoon elly chen , 22 , told the seven network 's inside the siege : the untold story , that she saved my life after helping her and cafe colleague jieun escape from the building in the afternoon . i volunteered to leave my safe little spot because where i was standing was quite safe , said ms mikhael . the westpac banking executive 's decision to move , closer to barrister katrina dawson , put space between monis and the two young cafe workers , enabling them to make their move at 5 pm , without detection . that was really brave of her , i was shocked that she even moved closer to him , said jieun . i had to help her and i am so glad that she got out of there okay , ms mikhael added . elly chen makes her run to freedom late on the monday afternoon that was really brave of her , jieun bae said of marcia mikhael . i was shocked that she even moved closer to him she would be wounded in the gunfight between heavily armed police and monis , hit by shrapnel in both feet , and look around to see the fatal injury suffered by mother of three katrina dawson , which a coronial inquiry reported was struck by fragments of bullets fired by police . they say that everything happens for a reason and if that is the reason that i was there to help one person , to help one person cope and to help one person get out alive then i am very happy with myself , ms mikhael said . the mother of three from glenwood in sydney 's western suburbs was alongside ms dawson , a fellow mother of three , and barrister julie taylor , for much of the 17 hour ordeal . i had to help her and i am so glad that she got out of there okay , marcia mikhael said of elly chen 's escape the commercial networks battle for ratings will see seven 's inside the siege go head to head with 60 minutes siege special on sunday night .:==:while some hostages believed they risked dying if they stayed at the lindt café , others admitted that they felt a responsibility to remain . paolo vassallo recalled offering co worker fiona ma the opportunity to flee with him which she refused , unable to leave anyone behind . elly chan meanwhile praised marcia mikhael with saving her life after the bank executive moved closer to gunman man monis to allow her to escape . others , like harriette denny , revealed the split second opportunities they had to run and recalled grasping the moment without a thought . selina win pe said she pleaded with the gunman to not shoot her after other hostage 's successful escapes enraged him . the commercial networks battle for ratings will see seven 's inside the siege go head to head with 60 minutes siege special on sunday night .

england batsman jonathan trott has been named the icc 's cricketer of the year for 2011 . the 30 year old headed off teammate alastair cook , who won the test player award , last year 's winner sachin tendulkar of india and south africa opening batsman hashim amla . he scored 1,042 runs in 12 tests , including four centuries at an average of 65 per innings , as top ranked england won series against australia , sri lanka , india and pakistan . in 24 one day internationals , he hit 1,064 runs at an average of 48 . it is fantastic to be part of a successful team , and i never envisaged winning this award . it is a brilliant feeling to be recognized , the south africa born trott said at the awards ceremony in london on monday . the awards , in their eighth year , covered the period from august 11 , 2010 to august 3 , 2011 . cook scored 1,302 runs at an average of 51.74 in 12 tests during that period , including 235 not out as england retained the ashes winning a five day series in australia for the first time since 1987 . india captain mahendra singh dhoni won the spirit of cricket award after allowing england batsman ian bell to be reinstated after a controversial run out during the second test at nottingham in july . sri lanka batsman and wicketkeeper kumar sangakkara won both the one day player award and the people 's choice prize , voted for by the public . new zealand bowler tim southee claimed the award for best twenty20 international performance after taking five wickets and holding a catch during a victory at home to pakistan in december . west indies leg spinner devendra bishoo was named as emerging player of the year , while 20 year old compatriot stafanie taylor won the top women 's award for her performances with both bat and ball . pakistan 's aleem dar won the top umpire award for the third year in a row , heading off five time recipient simon taufel , his fellow australian steve davis and england 's ian gould .:==:england cricketers rewarded after dominating in the past 12 months . batsman jonathan trott named top overall player by ruling body the icc . alastair cook is chosen as the best player in the five day test format . sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara wins two awards , in one day and public vote categories .

more than 2,800 people have been killed in nigeria since the boko haram crisis in nigeria started in 2009 , according to human rights watch . the islamic militant group , which wants to enforce a strict version of islamic law in northern nigeria , has successfully hit soft and hard targets in a manner that questions the capacity of the nigerian state to protect its citizenry . hard targets have included the police and united nations headquarters in abuja . frustrated by his inability to solve the problem by peaceful means , president goodluck jonathan had to fall back on the provisions of section 305 of the nigerian constitution . in may 2013 , he declared states of emergency in borno , yobe and adamawa in northeastern nigeria three key flashpoint states that had been wracked by activities of boko haram and its offshoot , ansaru . we have taken robust steps to unravel and address the root causes of these crises , but it would appear that there is a systematic effort by insurgents and terrorists to destabilize the nigerian state and test our collective resolve , jonathan said in a televised speech . read more : un bombing suspect tied to al qaeda , nigerians say more troops were deployed to the three states the country 's borders with cameroun , niger and chad were shut down . the nigerian air force provided air cover for the army and police , which raided the hideouts of the insurgents . the crackdown began to produce positive results in terms of a drastic reduction in attacks by the insurgents resulting from a blockade of their supply lines of fighters , arms and food . but how sustainable is all this ? can we say that the last of the boko haram crisis has been heard ? the answer is a categorical no read more : nigerian president declares emergency in 3 states last weekend , gunmen stormed a school in yobe , killing 20 students and a teacher in an attack local media said had been claimed by boko haram . whereas the nigerian government would say boko haram members are being flushed out , an objective observer would say many are simply hibernating in various northern nigerian communities . locals know who and where they are , but share two related grievances against the nigerian state that is warring against the group . first and foremost , many northern nigerians are unhappy with the way the military carries out its operations . in its pursuit of boko haram , the nigerian military views everything as a legitimate target including mosques , market places , women and children . the people regularly allege the killing of innocent people by the military . they claim to be more afraid of the soldiers than boko haram insurgents . the nigerian military recently told human rights watch that reports of civilian casualties during military raids were grossly exaggerated , but u.s. secretary of state john kerry has warned his nigerian counterpart over alleged atrocities by soldiers . read more : gunmen kill 20 students , teacher in nigerian school shooting the military cannot claim to be winning under this kind of atmosphere . to get local support for a sustainable war against boko haram , the military must invest more in winning the hearts and minds of the people . the alternative is that the people either become bystanders in the war or even supporters of boko haram . the second problem is that the north is not happy with the present regime in nigeria , which has marginalized them politically , socially and economically since the 1999 transition from military to civil rule . the north had previously held the power in nigeria it is now in the opposition . read more : human rights watch report on nigeria violence the north took over from the british colonial masters when nigeria became independent in 1960 . these politicians were overthrown by the military in 1966 but once again the military leaders were northern dominated until they transferred power to civilians in 1999 . since then , northerners grip on the nigerian political system has been very weak it is getting weaker by the day . things are so bad for the north , that the possibility of it reclaiming political power in 2015 is becoming a mirage . if the political situation in nigeria gets messier , the likes of boko haram would fight for the north whether voluntarily or by invitation . for this reason , some northerners might not be too happy with the military suppressing boko haram . such individuals exist within the nigerian military as well . this is why the chief of army staff lt gen . azubuike ihejirika is constantly warning his men and officers not to sabotage the ongoing military operations by providing intelligence to the insurgents . read more : nigerian military insurgents killed in raid on militant camps the boko haram sect cannot be removed from nigerian society like pulling a rotten tooth out of the mouth . a group whose bloodied hands were found in the 2000 to 2003 political violence in borno state a group that two years later emerged as the nigerian taliban before becoming securitized by the nigerian state as boko haram meaning western education is evil cannot be easily sent packing by the nigerian military . boko haram 's members have seen many battles in the past and the group is known to be a cat with many lives . even if it died out , it would germinate in new forms . the needs of boko haram are not even known to the nigerian state not to mention being met by it more problems should be expected . the group might emerge under new name now that it has been banned by the united kingdom and its present leadership has been declared wanted by the united states . read more : nigerians ask , are we at war ? leader abubakar shekau and some of the group 's other senior members have nothing to gain from any permanent peace especially as the international community has already cast them in the mold of former al qaeda leader osama bin laden . as they await eventual capture , they will not mind causing more trouble . to sustain its recent gains , the military task force in the three states will need to take the character of a near permanent formation on the ground . if the military leave , boko haram will quickly come in to fill the space . occasional sniper attacks on soft targets by the group will provide justification for the military to ask for money to keep the northeast safe . in other words , the nigerian military is doing its best but the present situation is only a state of negative peace it is a peace of the graveyard . the committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north , set up by the federal government , claimed some days ago it has reached a ceasefire agreement with the boko haram sect . such an agreement must have been reached with a significant faction of the sect . read more : why nigeria 's elections matter if not , where did the group meet the faction led by shekau and what were the terms of the agreement ? what is in the agreement for the boko haram most especially on issues relating to strict enforcement of islamic laws in northern nigeria ? what does it have to say on amnesty for shekau and other leaders of the sect ? the committee members are only trying to save face . the ongoing military operations against the boko haram were launched few days after the committee was set up the members are confused the credibility of their mission is questioned and they have to say something to nigerians before running away . the opinions expressed in this commentary are soley those of isaac olawale albert .:==:boko haram is an islamic militant group that wants to enforce a slamic law in nigeria . nigeria 's president has declared emergencies in three states where the group operates . albert says the military 's tactics are not working and it is failing to win hearts and minds . many northerners share some of the group 's grievances against the state , he says .

the u.s. supreme court 's only black justice was the target of a racially motivated threat by an ohio man who has been indicted in cleveland , justice department officials announced wednesday . racially motivated threats were made against justice clarence thomas , according to a federal indictment . an eight count indictment returned by a federal grand jury charges david tuason of pepper pike , ohio , with making multiple threats against justice clarence thomas and with threatening to blow up the supreme court building . tuason had made the threats in e mails and mailed letters to the supreme court , as well as to thomas personally , according to a source close to the case . tuason engaged in an elaborate scheme of sending racially motivated threatening communications . intended to threaten and intimidate with bodily injury african american males known to affiliate with white females , said u.s. attorney frank filiuzzi wednesday in cleveland . the indictment alleges that an associate justice of the supreme court , athletes , and entertainers received threatening communications , filiuzzi said . thomas 's wife is white . the indictment also alleges that at times , children of mixed racial parents were also targeted , the prosecutor said . the indictment says that tuason , at times , threatened to blow up the facility or building in which the targeted victim was located . if tuason is found guilty , he faces up to 10 years in prison for the count targeting thomas and five years imprisonment for each of the other counts . e mail to a friend cnn 's bill mears contributed to this report .:==:justice clarence thomas received racially motivated threats , indictment says . david tuason also threatened to blow up supreme court building , indictment says . indictment : tuason threatened black males known to affiliate with white females . children of mixed race parents also received threats .

the buglife charity said the bumblebee is having a difficult year due to the wet weather insects are struggling with the uk 's wet and cold summer , and are now at very low numbers , according to a wildlife charity . the buglife conservation charity says that bees , wasps , moths and butterflies have all seen their populations drop in 2012 and rare species may be at risk of extinction due to the elements . bees and wasps have struggled to find enough nectar and aphids to feed on , while charity volunteers are reporting less sightings of moths and butterflies . insects are vulnerable to weather changes , and this year has seen some of the heaviest rainfall ever with april and june the wettest quarter ever reported . chief executive matt shardlow told the bbc : they might not recover and could be driven closer to extinction . shardlow said damp conditions have reduced the number of aphids for wasps to feed on , and 250 species of bees were struggling without the high temperatures need to ensure a good supply of nectar and pollen . he said : we are seeing very low numbers of them now , as well as small bumble bees , which is a sign they have not had enough nectar and pollen to feed on however it is not all bad news in the insect world , with creatures that thrive in damp conditions doing well over the wet months . wasps feed on aphids , which are also in decline due to the weather , which leads to a knock on effect in the food chain it is not all bad news : glow worms are having a strong year , thanks to the proliferation of slugs and snails shardlow said drone flies and mosquitoes , and snails and slugs , have seen population booms . he said : this means that anything which feeds on slugs and snails will also benefit this year . we ve had reports of large numbers of glow worms , for example , which feed on slugs and snails . but volunteer counters are reporting a drop in moth and butterfly populations .:==:bees struggling to find nectar , while wasps cannot find enough aphids to eat , says buglife charity . rare species may be at risk of extinction following some of the wettest months on record . but good news for animals that like damp climes , like slugs and snails .

thousands of revelers in shades of green jammed manhattan streets to the tune of bagpipes saturday for the 251 st annual st patrick 's day parade . the parade marched past st patrick 's cathedral , where the landmark building is set to undergo more than $175 million in restorations , considered among the largest renovation projects in its history . cardinal timothy dolan presided there earlier saturday for a mass attended by top city officials , including mayor michael bloomberg . today is a day to celebrate all things irish and that means we have a lot to celebrate , bloomberg told reporters . the irish really have been the center of life for three centuries , and if you look around our administration , it is full of people with names like kelly and tierney and gil hearn and dougherty and hanley and walsh . spectators donned sparkling green top hats and waved tiny irish flags , as a marching band representing new york 's finest drummed their way through gotham . in boston , which also has a large irish population , thousands showed up for the city 's parade that meandered through south boston in the afternoon . officials there have urged restraint in drinking . photos : celebrations go green police commissioner edward davis and mayor thomas menino issued a joint statement saying boston police will be taking steps to increase patrols , focusing not only on the parade route and calls for service , but also at drinking establishments . bars are open until 7 pm , while liquor stores are required to close at 4 pm in chicago , the chicago river was once again dyed green to kick off irish inspired festivities and a parade . irish prime minister enda kenny was on hand for this year 's celebrations in the windy city , sharing the spotlight with mayor rahm emanuel . people are letting loose , singing , dancing , said julie roche , 25 , a manager at chicago 's snuggery pub and sports bar . scores of patrons filed in as soon as the downtown bar opened at 7 am , she said , swelling to larger numbers as the day progressed . president enjoys a pint at the dubliner pub in d c parade goers also jammed the streets of savannah , georgia , where clover clad floats carried green shirted revelers . we had a huge crowd here . the weather was incredible , said julian miller , public affairs administrator for savannah chatham metropolitan police . it has been a very well behaved crowd . we still have tonight . he said there were only a couple minor arrests as of late saturday afternoon . one participant in the parade became ill and was taken away by ambulance , miller said . witnesses told cnn affiliate wtgs that first responders performed cpr on a member of a marching band . miller could not provide precise crowd estimates , but said it was probably in the several hundreds of thousands . even president barack obama partook in the march 17 holiday tradition , enjoying a guinness at a well known capitol hill pub called the dubliner . across the pond , huge crowds packed central dublin , where thousands of spectators waved irish flags as marchers passed by , carrying banners and singing traditional irish songs . i will take in more money today than i normally would in a week , said john hoyne , owner of the brazen head pub , a converted manor that dates to 1775 and is described as dublin 's oldest pub . we are absolutely jammed to capacity . the 50 year old pub owner said the brazen head has 13 bartenders filling up an average of 500 pints of guinness per hour . it is absolutely electric here , he said . dublin crowds also gathered for the much anticipated irish english six nations rugby match up , a rivalry perhaps made more intense by saturday 's festivities . ireland has been reeling from the effects of a banking collapse and the euro zone 's debt crisis , battling high unemployment that currently hovers just above 14 . cnn 's phil gast contributed to this report .:==:huge crowd attends parade in savannah . pub patrons filed into chicago bars starting at 7 am to celebrate , says one manager . the chicago river was dyed green , as it is every year . huge crowds pack central dublin and wave irish flags .

one advantage of the paris motor show clashing with the city 's fashion week is that you just cannot move for supermodels — both on and off the automotive catwalk . claudia schiffer over here one minute , britain 's rosie huntington whiteley over there the next . and then there are the cars . although paris chic was all across the metropolis , the brits did their best to u.s.age their gallic hosts by sticking the british boot in — wellingtons of course . give it welly : rosie huntington whiteley with the new discovery and giant union jack footwear jaguar land rover strove to u.s.age schiffer , who was on an adjacent stage as it struck up the band — a military band including soldiers in red tunics and bearskins — to unveil its new xe sports saloon and land rover discovery sport , for which it has received 1,200 orders in just three weeks . jaguar land rover chief executive dr ralf speth said : these two cars are at the very heart of britain 's manufacturing renaissance . huntington whiteley led the charge by swapping the catwalk for the new discovery sport 's launch on the seine . the 27 year old actress and former victoria 's secret lingerie model boarded a giant 250 ft barge , transformed into floating off road assault course adorned with seven pairs of oversized wellington boots — one of them a 15 ft high pair decorated in the red white and blue union flag . two of the new vehicles then drove around the course as the barge sailed up and down past many of the capital 's most famous landmarks , including the eiffel tower and notre dame cathedral — under the very put out noses of haughty parisians . a spokesman said : the boots , a reference to both the discovery 's versatile seating layout and land rover 's unique take on outdoor life , brought a sense of quintessential british heritage and humour to the rive gauche . claudia schiffer scored highly in the fashion stakes when she unveiled the new vauxhall corsa . it s chic , just like paris , she said of the hot hatchback the seven pairs of giant wellies , made by british firm barbour and becoming something of a fashion statement in paris , were designed to highlight the disco 's seating versatility — two people at the front , three in the middle and two more in the optional folddown seats at the back . costing from £32,395 to £42,995 , the new car replaces the freelander and means an investment , production and jobs boost for the firm 's halewood factory on merseyside . it goes on uk sale on january 22 alongside the existing the larger seven seater , full size discovery . the launch model will deploy an efficient , yet powerful , sd4 fourcylinder diesel engine , four wheel drive , with either advanced ninespeed automatic or six speed manual transmission . an ed4 turbodiesel version is to be introduced later in 2015 from under £30,000 and with frugal co2 estimated at around 119 g km bentley launched its new £252,200 mulsanne speed with a top speed of 190 mph and acceleration from rest to 60 mph of 4.8 seconds . the land rover discovery sport has also received 1,200 orders in three weeks the crewe based luxury car maker , owned by germany 's giant volkswagen group , has recorded its best ever half year sales of 5,252 , a rise of 23 per cent . it is to launch a new suv in 2016 , creating 400 new jobs . brace yourself for bargains . european makers are slashing prices and offering great deals to uk consumers because britain is the only country showing good sales growth . it s all about growth . everyone wants a piece of the action . the last quarter has been particularly competitive , said one executive . claudia schiffer scored highly in the fashion stakes when she unveiled the new vauxhall corsa . it s chic , just like paris , she said of the hot hatchback in what , quite frankly , a rather cheesy and stilted bit of eurovision style scripting . but the corsa is a significant car for britain . it was the second biggest selling car after the fiesta at 83,000 last year — it is actually the biggest seller in scotland . but rolls royce , bentley and jaguar land rover led the british charge of luxury cars at the prestigious motor show as booming export sales propelled them towards new record highs . luxury car brand infiniti produced a bit of a head turner . its eye catching q80 inspiration prototype is a four door fastback with four individual leather seats , while a plunging panoramic glass roof creates a light , airy environment inside . rolls royce is on a roll , said the firm 's chief executive torsten mueller otvos , as he revealed that the luxury firm , based at goodwood in sussex , is on target to break through 4,000 annual sales for the first time . no doubt it will be helped by a raunchy black andwhite , art house style video involving a suspenderclad kylie getting changed in the back of a roller which was shown at a private view at the show , after appearing at some of her concerts . apparently it is called skirt , though i struggled to see much evidence of one .:==:land rover discovery sport has also received 1,200 orders in three weeks . chief executive dr ralf speth said the cars are at the very heart of britain 's manufacturing renaissance . rosie huntington whiteley was the face of the discovery sport 's launch . claudia schiffer unveiled the new vauxhall corsa . it s chic , just like paris , she said of the hot hatchback .

newcastle have announced record profits of £18.7 million for last season but fans say the figures have provoked more questions than answers . the club have not released the full annual report , only selected highlights with no detailed explanation as to how £28.5 million of extra costs have been incurred . mark jensen , editor of online fanzine themag . co uk , said he had expected profits for the 201314 campaign to be closer to £50 million given the increase in income from television rights and the sale of yohan cabaye to paris st germain for around £20 million . yohan cabaye poses with his new team jersey after a news conference at the parc des princes stadium newcastle also reported revenues increased by 35 per cent from £95.9 million to £129.7 million . more than half of newcastle 's income £78.3 million came from the premier league television rights deals , with commercial income also increasing . jensen told press association sport : this has just provoked more questions than answers . there is £28.5 million of costs for which there is no explanation . the wages to turnover ratio is also not included . we had anticipated a profit of around £50 m , especially with cabaye being sold . the way that most fans look at it is that newcastle did not buy a single player in the whole season and sold cabaye . everyone knows how much these clubs are getting from tv so newcastle fans would like to think more profit would mean more team strengthening but that has not been the case . cabaye moved to psg in a deal worth more than £20 million and the reports have left questions to answer there seems to be both a lack of transparency and ambition . newcastle finished 10 th last season and are currently 12 th in the premier league table . a newcastle statement said : most significantly , the club reported strong commercial revenue growth delivering £25.6 million in 2014 , up from £17.1 million in 2013 . this 49.7 per cent increase was largely the result of two lucrative new deals with the club 's principal sponsors , wonga and puma . it is the fourth successive year the club has made a profit and cements newcastle 's positions in financial terms as one of the most successful in the top flight . everton made a profit last season of £28.2 m , manchester united £23.9 million , chelsea £18.4 m and arsenal £4.7 million while sunderland lost £16.9 million and manchester city made a £23 million loss . newcastle 's debt remained static at £129 million in the form of an interest free loan from owner mike ashley none of the debt has been repaid . newcastle 's debt remained static at £129 million in the form of an interest free loan from owner mike ashley newcastle managing director lee charnley said : i am pleased to report a positive set of results which confirms the healthy financial position the club now finds itself in and is a reflection of the prudent and measured manner in which we operate . the club benefits from a supportive owner and is financially stable . this gives us a strong platform from which to grow , both on and off the pitch , a result of which means , as we move forward , we are able to net spend on the playing squad and invest in other areas of the business . the most pleasing aspect in this set of accounts has been the growth in our commercial revenue and it has been our strongest year yet in that respect . with our commitment to keeping ticket prices affordable for our supporters growing our commercial income has been crucial . the deals we struck with our two main sponsors , wonga and puma , together with a stronger focus on our commercial operations , have helped us achieve this growth . we believe financial stability will deliver positive on field results for the club . the announcement prompted an outbreak of sarcastic humour from fans on social media , with gallowgateshots posting : £nufc fans flock to the streets in masses to celebrate their record profit win .:==:newcastle have announced record profits of £18.7 million for last season . the club have not released the full annual report , only selected highlights . no explanation as to how £28.5 million of extra costs have been incurred . includes sale of yohan cabaye to paris st germain for around £20 million .

one look at rory mcilroy told you that a life of splendour and a world of riches is still no protection from the turmoil caused by affairs of the heart . here was rory with all the privileges stripped away , just another 25 year old struggling like so many with true love and all that it means . during his short press conference at wentworth on wednesday , he answered one question with the distant look of a man with his mind placed firmly somewhere else . there was one awful moment during another when he looked like he might lose it completely . in the balance : rory mcilroy 's split from fiancee caroline wozniacki has threatened his chances in the pga championship happy couple : mcilroy proposed to tennis player wozniacki in december going steady : the pair had been an item for over two years down : the pair pictured last week only sent out invitations to their wedding at the weekend this was mcilroy as we have not seen him , wrought and strung out . a man who did not appear in any fit mental state to make a decent fist of playing in the european tour s flagship event , the bmw pga championship which , lest we forget , begins on thursday . who knows the reason for the break up , which comes only a few days after the wedding invitations were sent out . less than a month ago , caroline wozniacki was talking of starting a family and mcilroy was tweeting a photo of their scenic location for dinner only last friday . let us hope there really is nothing more to it than the official explanation of cold feet . but the news certainly caught everyone cold on the practice ground . i m surprised , i think we all must be , said luke donald . typical mcilroy , to front up and answer questions when things have gone wrong . what he must surely be asking himself , though , is why things are always going off track . here was one more twist to the legend : it always seems to happen to rory . one of these days he will have a season where all the talk is about golf but it doesn t look as if it will be any time soon . nice to see you : mcilroy is offered words of wisdom from television legend sir bruce forsyth in awe : man united fan mcilroy played alongside phil neville , teddy sheringham and peter schmeichel hero status : mcilroy was distracted by sheringham , who won the treble with united in 1999 gobsmacked : schmeichel won five premier league titles during a successful stay at old trafford gift : neville presented mcilroy with a united shirt which appeared to brighten his mood the main man : sheringham , schmeichel and neville watch on mcilroy takes a shot this time last year the break up in question was with his manager , conor ridge . the year before that he made the startling confession that he had taken his eye off the ball . i ve spent enough time with lawyers this year to last me a lifetime , he said wistfully last november . now , as we head into the meat of the season with this prestigious event followed by three majors in as many months before the ryder cup in september , here we go again . fifteen months ago , ernie els got to play with rory when his mind was whirling so much he walked off the course at the honda classic after nine holes . on thursday afternoon , the great south african will get another close up of a distracted mcilroy as they have been drawn together in the first round . how on earth can you play with such a huge obstacle between you and thinking clearly ? the only thing mcilroy s got going for him today is that he has had plenty of practice , although perhaps nothing quite so distracting as this . i m not going to lie , i think it is going to be very difficult , said mcilroy . when i get inside the ropes i m just going to try to concentrate on the shot at hand but that s easier said than done . fatherly advice : mcilroy speaks to his dad , gerry mcilroy ahead of the pga championship at wentworth sergio garcia was so cut up after he was dumped by greg norman s daughter morgan leigh that eventually he took some time away from the game . i ll definitely be putting an arm around rory s shoulder and asking if he wants to talk about it , said the spaniard . i ve been through it from both sides . i split up with martina hingis but morgan was the one who left me it should be easier if it s mutual but when it is a really painful break up the temptation to throw yourself into golf more than ever doesn t always work out . every case is different but for me i had to stop playing for a while . right now , mcilroy is determined to plough on in eight strokeplay tournaments this year , he has finished outside the top 10 only once but now that consistent spell of form has to be set against yet another off course complication . a friend in need : sergio garcia will offer mcilroy someone to talk to if he needs donald said : obviously i wish both of them the best but i m guessing this is going to be very distracting for rory . we know how hard this game is when you have a clear mind , and i can t imagine what s going through his head now . mcilroy stepped back into the public spotlight on wednesday with three former manchester united footballers for company , in the shape of peter schmeichel , teddy sheringham and phil neville . a lifelong united fan , he must have been thinking a week ago that this was a pro am round he could really savour , rather than a chore . now there was a rueful grin as he shook hands with each in turn . his dad gerry was there beside the first tee as well , offering moral support . this time last year the build up to this tournament was overshadowed by an ill advised remark from garcia about tiger woods , made at an awards dinner designed to celebrate the winning of the ryder cup . now it is affairs of the heart that have taken the place of matters of race . it is such a shame . just like last year , a heck of a golf tournament is bursting to break out on thursday . this is the 60 th anniversary of the pga and the biggest one yet , with record crowds expected to descend on this beautiful corner of england to greet virtually everyone who is anyone in the european game . let us hope it emerges . but , right now , mcilroy s bombshell is the only topic in town . all change then : mcilroy posted this tweet just last week which did not indicate any problems since meeting in july 2011 , rory mcilroy and caroline wozniacki have had their fair share of career u.s.and downs . 2011 : mcilroy comes 64 th at the uspga , leaves his management team and finishes the year ranked world no 3 . wozniacki loses to serena williams in us open semi final and ends the year as world no 1 for the second time . 2012 : mcilroy wins the uspga , the ryder cup , tops the european and us money lists and is world no 1 . wozniacki makes australian open quarter final but loses in the first round at wimbledon and the us open . 2013 : mcilroy signs a $155 m nike deal but loses form , quits the honda classic mid round and drops to world no 6 . wozniacki fails to make it past the fourth round in any of the grand slams , but maintains her top 10 ranking . 2014 : mcilroy starts with seven top 10 finishes but drops to world no 11 in april , his lowest ranking in three years . wozniacki a change of racket and injuries see her struggling for form and drop out of the world 's top 10 .:==:mcilroy looked affected by the split from his fiancee caroline wozniacki . latest distraction after split from manager conor ridge last year . talks of desire to focus on golf but may not be able to do that . offered support by fellow golfers luke donald and sergio garcia . met man united heroes peter schmeichel , teddy sheringham and phil neville . pga championship starts at wentworth on thursday .

mother 's day is a chance to show the most important woman in your life just how much you care . it s also a golden opportunity for companies to cash in with some truly wacky present ideas . if you d like to surprise mum with something a little different this sunday , here s our alternative mother s day gift guide . is she still pacing the floors worried about what you re getting up to ? then she may as well get them clean at the same time , with these multitasking slippers . just £3.99 from findmeagift . co uk let all the neighbours know that a living legend resides in their street . snap up a bespoke heritage plaque to say thanks to your mum . apart from the wording , it looks just like the real thing . from £109.99 at firebox.com say it with a cup of coffee . just pop one of these hand made acrylic stencils which comes in pink , turquoise , lilac , purple and fuschia over foamed milk , dust it with cocoa powder and ta da , love in a mug . £12.50 , notonthehighstreet.com whose mother would want tastefully engraved jewellery when she can have a bespoke wooden spoon with her name and face engraved into it ? £5.50 from notonthehighstreet.com glamorous gloves show her you care with a pair of pink latex washing up gloves , complete with lacy trim and special mum in curly writing . just don t expect any inheritance . £3.49 , ebay.com a heart shaped cheeseboard personally dedicated to the best woman in the world should cut it for those who don t like traditionally sentimental presents . £29.99 from gettingpersonal . co uk okayest mum mug one for mums with a good sense of humour and who don t mind being being complimented on how average they are . £9.95 from zazzle . co uk she slaved over a hot oven throughout your childhood . return the favour with a mother s day cake that comes in a tin . just add water , pop in the oven and watch your mum s face as she marvels at your baking prowess . £3.99 from thefoodministry.com .:==:mother 's day is this sunday . show your mother how much she means to you with these wacky gifts .

despite regularly changing their roost , bats will choose to lodge with the same social groups of friends following each move , claims research . by tracking movements of bats in oxfordshire woods , researchers discovered that different social groups roost in separate , though adjacent , parts of woodland . the findings have important implications for conservation as bats may not be able to move to another area if a section of woodland is felled . a study carried out over five years in wytham woods , oxfordshire has found that bats like to stick together . this image shows a network analysis of how individual bats interact in social groups . nearly 1,500 bats were fitted with small aluminium arm bands to make the findings the research was carried out by scientists from the centre for ecology and hydrology , the university of exeter and the university of oxford . experts concluded that the structure of bat social groups differs between two different , but closely related , species living in the same woodland . bats are pictured roosting together in oxford the study was carried out over a five year period in wytham woods , oxfordshire . nearly 1,500 bats were fitted with small aluminium arm bands , and four bats were tagged with lightweight radio transmitters . the radio tracking showed the bats changed roost site about once every two days . each social group was found to occupy a home patch in the wood . although the bat species occupied the same area of woodland , the home patches of the different social groups within the species did not overlap , suggesting that social groups may defend their roost areas . one species , called natterer s bat myotis nattereri forms mixed sex social groups , while a second species , the daubenton s bat myotis daubentonii , has largely separate male and female groups . dr tom august from the centre for ecology and hydrology , who conducted the study , said : when the first results came through it was a real eureka moment , i hadn t expected to see so many separate social groups in the woodland . the study was carried out over a five year period in wytham woods , oxfordshire . nearly 1,500 bats were fitted with small aluminium arm bands , and four bats were tagged with tiny lightweight radio transmitters to enable them to be tracked . the radio tracking showed that the bats changed roost site frequently about once every two days . each social group was found to occupy a home patch in the wood . although the two bat species occupied the same area of woodland , the home patches of the different social groups within the species did not overlap , suggesting that social groups may defend their roost areas . the relationships between bats in the same social groups were found to be enduring , in many cases lasting more than a year . dr mathews from the university of exeter who led the research team added : this work has really important practical implications for bat conservation . the research at wytham woods shown on map was carried out by scientists from the centre for ecology and hydrology , the university of exeter and the university of oxford experts concluded that the structure of bat social groups differs between two different , but closely related species living in the same woodland . one species , called natterer s bat shown left , forms mixed sex social groups , while a second species , the daubenton s bat , has largely separate male and female groups . we now realise that although social groups of woodland bats move house every few days , they remain within a very small geographical range . this means that even quite small scale tree felling may destroy all the roosts potentially available to a group . the research has highlighted that the social networks of animals are poorly understood , but they are fundamentally important to processes ranging from information transfer to the spread of disease . dr matthews concluded : just as some types of people are super connected on facebook , this work shows that in animal systems , two very closely related species living in the same habitat can have very different kinds of social network . the findings are published in the journal plos one .:==:study was carried out over five years in wytham woods , oxfordshire . nearly 1,500 bats were fitted with small aluminium arm bands . four bats tagged with radio transmitters enabled all the bats to be tracked . radio tracking showed the bats changed roost site once every two days . but each social group was found to occupy a home patch in the wood . findings have important implications for conservation as bats may not be able to move to another area if a section of woodland is felled .

most people probably would like to assume that if they were awoken at 6:30 in the morning by a drunk , naked stranger in their bedroom who would just smeared his own feces throughout their house and tried to flood their kitchen that the intoxicated intruder would be arrested when police ultimately show up that , however , was not the case for a couple in kuma , idaho , who say that exact scenario played out in their home earlier this month in their case , they say responding officers did not arrest the drunken poop smearer , they only cited him for a misdemeanor and let him go home . as if that was not enough , homeowners tricia and jake gillaspy had just moved into the home a week prior to the alleged fecal artist 's predawn intrusion . shocked : tricia and jake gillaspy were stunned to find matthew coomes naked in their bedroom at 6:30 am crappy situation : after chasing coomes out of the house at gunpoint , the couple found feces ground into their carpet the incident occurred in the early hours of june 15 father 's day when the gillaspys awoke to find the drunken man standing in their bedroom at 6:30 am my husband 's like , what the heck is going on ? and , i am screaming in utter panic , tricia gillaspy tells ktvb . the intruder , later identified as 25 year old matthew coomes , had clearly been drinking . the couple says that after a naked coomes had woken them up , he tried to run into another room and put some clothes on my husband grabs the gun because we have no idea who this guy is , said tricia . he s like , get out of my house , now but the guy would not leave . so , he puts the gun to his head , and says , i said , get out he is like , there is a guy in my house . i am going to shoot him , you better get a cop here now , she said . art ? the gillaspys say they found feces smeared all over their walls and appliances feces : coomes allegedly took aim at the couple 's oven after smearing feces on the walls coomes eventually left the house , but remained on the couple 's property until police arrived . that is when the couple discovered what coomes allegedly had been doing prior to his waking them up he took this sink sprayer out and this drawer was in there . he put it in the drawer , turned it on full blast hot water , it filled that entire drawer full . it flooded my entire kitchen , said tricia . he craps on my floor , and he must have been playing in it because he streaked it down the side of my walls . the stain is gone finally , thank goodness . when police arrived , rather than arrest the drunk , naked man who had just terrified an innocent couple , the responding officers cited coomes for the misdemeanors and took him back to his house . i go running out the door , and am like , what are you doing ? i am like , this guy deserves to go to jail gillaspy said . tricia says she later learned that the damage allegedly caused by coomes cost more than $5,000 to repair . in the following days , tricia received a call from a kuna police sergeant who told her the officers should have arrested coomes on the spot . flood : the couple says coomes used their sink sprayer to flood the drawers in their kitchen gross : not factoring in grossness , the couple says the damage cost more than $5,000 to repair the kuna police department says it is conducting an internal investigation into why coomes was not arrested the morning of the incident . additionally , prosecutors have since filed felony charges against coomes for malicious injury to property for the extensive and expensive damage he did to the home . investigators say it appears coones entered the home through an unlocked backdoor . he later told police that he did not remember going into the home or using the sprayer in the kitchen . additionally , he says he also does not recall how his feces ended up on the gillaspys carpet and how his underwear ended up on their floor .:==:tricia and jake gillaspy say they woke up to find a naked matthew coomes standing in their bedroom at 6:30 am coomes , 25 , refused to leave until gillaspy got his gun . when police arrived , the gillaspys discovered what coomes allegedly had been doing before he woke them up the couple found feces smeared on the walls and the drawers filled with water . police did not arrest coomes the night of the incident , they just drove him home . the police department have since said coomes should have been arrested and he is now charged with a felony .

princess anne 's suggestion that britons need to reconsider their reluctance to eat horse meat was brave and reflects a sad decline in horses value , the head of a horse welfare charity says . addressing the world horse welfare conference thursday , princess anne queen elizabeth ii 's daughter and the organization 's president suggested that making horse meat more valuable might lead to better treatment of the animals . the olympic equestrian referred to the transport of horses from countries such as poland , the source of some horse meat , saying many horses left looking absolutely wonderful but suffered in transit . it is worth noting transport of horses itself is the problem not the horses or indeed the way they were brought up , she said . if that is true then and they value their horses they look after them well because they are in the horse meat trade and it is the transport that is the problem , should we be considering a real market for horse meat , and would that reduce the number of welfare cases ? the princess suggested that our attitudes to the horse meat trade . and the value of horse meat might have to change . i chuck that out for what it is worth because i think it needs a debate , she said . she noted that britain 's attitude to horse meat was not universal . as i was reminded , not so long ago , by somebody who would traveled in france , the most expensive piece of meat in the local butcher was a fillet of horse meat , she said . the value of the animal to every individual is slightly different , but if it has real financial value , then you look a little bit further ahead in the way in which you look after your animals . world horse welfare chief executive roly owers said the princess royal had made her point within the context of the equine crisis we are currently in when ponies are being sold for as little as â£5 $8 . around 7,000 horses are currently at risk of abandonment and neglect and charities like ours are struggling to cope as winter approaches , owers said in a statement . the economic downturn has driven prices for horses and ponies to rock bottom , and the sad fact is that from a purely economic perspective , they can now be worth more as meat . many in the horse world have known this for a long time . our president has been brave enough to say this openly in hopes of generating a thought provoking debate . overbreeding in britain the underlying problem , owers told cnn , was the issue of overbreeding in britain . there are too many horses and too few homes . owers said he believed anne was caring but also practical . she was not actually saying , get out there and buy horse meat . she was saying , we should be open to the debate about it and if the horse goes into the food chain , will it reduce welfare problems ? owers said the option of sending a horse to a slaughterhouse was one that should be available to people . the issue is not those horses going to an abattoir it is not that they are going to slaughter that is the problem it is that they are simply not fit and healthy when they reach there , he said . owers said he knew of people delaying euthanizing horses because they could not afford the expense to call out a vet and to dispose of a carcass . emotional issue britain has a different attitude toward horses than some of its european neighbors , with the idea of eating horse meat an emotional one , he said . on the continent they are viewed as farm animals to a far greater degree here they are seen as pets , leisure or sport animals . the debate would be different if horses were regarded in the same light as pigs , sheep or cows , he said . as a country we have eaten horse meat in the past we did in the second world war , but you could argue that it was a time of crisis , owers said . britain 's royal society for the protection and care of animals said it welcomed any debate on horse welfare issues . our centers , and those of other charities , are overflowing with horses which have been abandoned , neglected and abused , and we are struggling to keep up with the demands for our help , it said in a statement . the killing of horses for meat is an emotive subject as many see them as companion animals rather than a food source , a sentiment the rspca has great sympathy with . however , the society 's primary concern for all animals killed for meat and otherwise is that they are cared for , handled and transported in a way which safeguards their welfare at all times .:==:princess anne has suggested that britons reconsider their reluctance to eat horse meat . she says an increase in the value of horse meat might lead to better horse welfare . the ceo of world horse welfare says there are too many horses and too few homes . this problem has caused a decline in the value of horses and their treatment , he says .

an eight year old girl has died in suburban johannesburg after she was allegedly kicked and beaten by three male pupils at her school lebohang makala returned home from school on valentine s day , visibly in pain and with swollen legs . she told her mother that three boys at her school in soweto had begun to hit her while she was playing with her friends . tragedy : lebohang makala died on friday , one week after she returned home from batsogile primary school in soweto , johannesburg limping and in pain , saying three boys had started hitting her for no reason lebohang said that three boys at batsogile primary school had attacked her for no reason , while responsible teachers were absent . one boy had used his fists to punch her in the head , after which the trio threw her to the floor and kept hitting her while she laid helplessly on the ground , lebohang s mother martha makala told the daily sun . ms malaka took her daughter to a local hospital where she was examined and given pain medication . after several sleepless nights with lebohang crying in pain , her mother took her back to the hospital the following thursday . last friday , a week after the schoolyard attack , lebohang died in hospital from excessive internal bleeding . attacked : lebohang , from soweto , died in hospital from excessive internal bleeding , but not until the following monday did the school report the incident to the education department an investigation had now been launched by the local education department in soweto after it emerged that the school failed to report the incident . this matter only came to our attention yesterday , gauteng education department spokesperson phumla sekhonyane told the south african press association today . an independent investigation has been instituted to investigate the circumstances around this incident . we immediately dispatched a team to the school , as well as a team to assist with counselling for the mother of the deceased and the school , she said . we are looking into why this matter was not reported to the gauteng department of education head office . ms sekhonyane said officials had met lebohang s parents on monday but that any further details would be kept under wraps until the investigatyion is concluded , adding thatr the education department are very concerned . an investigation was only opened yesterday by the parents . there was no case reported to the police before that and the school did not open a case , police spokesman warrant officer kay makhubela said . we just got that the child was injured in school . the circumstances of what transpired will be looked into .:==:lebohang makala , eight , died one week after being beaten up at school . the soweto schoolgirl had been attacked by bullies for no reason . after being admitted to hospital a second time , she died of internal bleeding . school did not report incident until three days after her death .

daniella helayel , pictured here in 2010 , announces her departure from issa today a label that has gone from strength to strength bids goodbye to its founder and designer after nine years . the reason for the split was reported to be by mutual agreement , and not acrimonious . a source close to the company said that both sides had been unhappy for a while , so helayel s departure did not come as a surprise . the time has come for me to move on to focus on my art , travel and other interests , said helayel in a statement released today . creating issa has been one of the most rewarding things in my life . i may be leaving , but the issa girl will live forever in my heart . helayel will leave the brand at the end of the year . her departure comes two years after camilla al fayed , daughter of harrods mogul mohamed , bought a 51 percent stake in the company to develop the issa brand globally . helayel was the minority shareholder . the fashion brand , which reflected the effortless elegance and laid back spirit of brazilian lifestyle , became a royal favourite after kate middleton wore one of her blue dresses to announce her engagement to prince william in 2011 . the duchess has worn her designs on countless occasions since . the label just revealed collaborations with banana republic and the outnet , alongside plans to open its first standalone boutique in brazil to follow on from the first that opened recently in tokyo so helayel 's departure comes at a particularly busy time for the brand . helayel 's successor blue farrier , who will take on the position of creative director at the end of the year , studied at central saint martins and boasts a sparkling cv past workplaces include stella mccartney and a six year stint at chloé . angelina ypma , issa london ceo said : i am delighted to welcome blue as the new creative director of issa at such an exciting time . her vision and passion will be vital as we expand into new categories and markets and continue the development of issa into a truly global lifestyle brand . blue farrier added : it is an exciting time to join issa . i am looking forward to working with the issa london team in developing the brand to reach its full potential . kate middleton wore one of her blue dresses to announce her engagement to prince william the designer showed a navajo inspired collection for aw13 at london fashion week in february .:==:issa founder resigns after nine years as both sides had been unhappy . the time has come for me to focus on my art , travel and other interests . blue farrier , who worked at chloé and anya hindmarch , succeeds her . camilla al fayed bought 51 per cent stake two years ago .

nestled among the granite peaks of eastern hong kong a new , man made mountain is emerging . it is the tseung kwan o landfill , a growing hillside of garbage that stretches over 50 hectares and will be up to 100 meters high when the site is full . like hong kong 's three other main landfills , it is filling up fast . the city of seven million people is set to run out of space for its trash by 2018 , with the tseung kwan o site set to be topped up by 2015 . while plans to expand some sites are being proposed and a controversial mega incinerator project remains a possibility , focus in the city is turning to how to reduce the amount of waste it produces . infographic : from farm to fork to landfill one of the largest sources of trash in the city is food waste . according to friends of the earth , up to 40 of food in the city goes uneaten , creating around 3,500 tons of unwanted food each day , most of which ends up as landfill . the local government has created a task force to address the issue of food waste and set a 10 reduction target by 2016 . globally , only around 3 of food waste is recycled . a save food campaign run by local ngo greeners action and partnering with local hong kong restaurants has been running since 2009 , but more practical ways to recycle unwanted food are also being explored . one is using biotechnology to turn binned food into useful products . carol lin is an assistant professor at city university of hong kong who is developing a process that turns bread products into succinic acid , a compound that can be used to create bioplastics and eco friendly detergents . read more : entrepreneurs see opportunity in trash cans partnering with a local starbucks and an environmental group and with government backing until august she hopes to secure funding for a scaled up working pilot operation that can process up to a ton of food waste . we do have food waste collection companies in hong kong that are really interested to try and u.s.ale this process . i think this is an innovative solution for trying to use biorefinery to tackle food waste in hong kong to produce value added products , she said . for local designer c l lam , turning food waste into desirable products is already a viable business . from bags to brushes , his company green associates make over 60 household items using up to 50 of food waste , like apple pulp , coffee grounds and milk , together with conventional materials . read more : making the most from food waste unfortunately for hong kong 's mountains of trash , lam has based his factory across the border in mainland china , citing cheaper manufacturing and transport costs , re using its food waste , rather than his home city 's ultimately both lam and lin are honest when it comes to addressing the real problem : reducing food waste in the first place . hong kong people like to eat different types of food , but at the same time they generate serious issues that have not been solved properly , said lin . really , reducing the amount of food that we try to buy that would be another good solution to solve this food waste issue .:==:around 3,500 tons of food waste is produced each day in hong kong . the city 's existing landfills are set to be full by 2018 . high tech and business ideas could help recycle waste , experts say .

los angeles kings forward jarret stoll was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges , and looked wide eyed and alert in his mugshot . stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma , also known as molly , at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5 pm . on monday tmz sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma by hiding them in his board shorts . jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , 36 he looked bright eyed and alert in a mugshot taken friday evening in las vegas stoll seen partying at the mgm grand in 2014 after the kings stanley cup win was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges he was arrested for possession of cocaine at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand stoll was previously in the news for non sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california during the offseason , with the kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident . stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular hbo show entourage , was booked into the clark county detention center and was listed as having a hearing on saturday after posting $5,000 bail . the charges include possession of class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . michael pariente , a las vegas criminal defense lawyer , says that stoll will likely be offered a plea deal as a first time offender . speaking with tsn , he said it s pretty much a slap on the wrist . even if he was going to represent himself they would make him an offer like this . this would include a $1,000 fee , an online drug awareness course , and possibly community service . stoll was likely at the mgm grand to attend the two year anniversary of their popular club hakkasan friday evening , an event that featured tiesto and brought out christina aguilera . in both 2012 and 2014 , stoll headed to the mgm grand to celebrate the end of the hockey season with his kings teammates . it seems that stoll went on a date with andrews on thursday night , as she posted a photo of a romantic looking candle that was seemingly taken at italian restaurant la sosta enoteca in manhattan beach , california , on her instagram page , and a fan snapped a photo with stoll earlier in the day in the same neighborhood . the caption , which did not mention stoll by name , read : always a great date night . andrews posted a photo of a candle that was seemingly taken at italian restaurant la sosta enoteca in manhattan beach , california , on her instagram page on thursday . that location is four hours from vegas andrews sparked engagement rumors after she posted an instagram of her wearing a large ring in march a fan snapped this photo with stoll on thursday in california stoll had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the kings stanley cup championship teams in 2012 and 2014 . he has been with the team since 2008 , but will become an unrestricted free agent on july 1 . the kings failed to qualify for postseason play after winning the stanley cup last year and in 2012 . the team said in a statement following stoll 's arrest : we are aware of police reports out of clark county , nevada regarding jarret stoll . our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation . while we continue to actively gather facts , we are withholding further comment at this time . veteran had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the kings recent stanley cup teams andrews , 36 , sparked engagement rumors after she posted an instagram of her wearing a very large , square cut diamond ring last month . fans thought the picture meant stoll had proposed , but andrews said the ring was on loan . i ve definitely dropped hints here and there , the fox broadcaster shared with abc news in july . but we have not looked at rings . nothing there yet , the ball 's in his court . she added : but no we are fine we have had enough on our plate for the last two years of dating and have not really gone there yet . he was previously engaged to actress and model rachel hunter , the former wife of singer rod stewart , and dated actress katie cassidy . stoll broke off his engagement with hunter just seven weeks before they were supposed to be married .:==:los angeles kings forward arrested friday on drug possession charges . hockey player was busted at the wet republic pool at mgm grand hotel . he was booked at clark county detention center and posted $5,000 bail . the charges include possession of class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances . he was in the news in 2013 when he had an unexplained seizure at his home . stoll celebrated the end of both the 2012 and 2014 season at the mgm grand as well with his kings teammates .

donald sterling has filed a new civil lawsuit in los angeles superior court , seeking damages from his wife , the nba and nba commissioner adam silver in their attempt to sell the the l a clippers for $2 billion to former microsoft ceo steve ballmer . court documents filled tuesday call the potential sale unlawful and fraudulent , and ask for an injunction to block the sale . donald 's latest lawsuit is a frivolous , last ditch act of desperation by a delusional , bitter man , said pierce o wouldonnell , an attorney for sterling 's estranged wife , shelly . this action shows once more how obsessed he is with ruining a record setting $2 billion sale of the los angeles clippers a sale that would solve the problems his racist rant started three months ago . donald sterling came under fire for making racist remarks against african americans in comments to his companion v stiviano . the recorded conversation was published online . in response , the nba banned sterling for life , fined him $2.5 million and ordered that the team be sold . sterling , in turn , sued the league for $1 billion for alleged antitrust violations in its handling of the matter . after shelly sterling had her 80 year old husband declared mentally incapacitated by two physicians , she took over the sterling family trust that owns the team . donald sterling , an attorney and real estate investor , has early alzheimer 's or another brain disease , the doctors said . but donald sterling and his attorneys dispute he is incapacitated . an ongoing court hearing in los angeles will determine if shelly sterling properly wrested control of the franchise from her husband . donald sterling revoked the family trust back in june , and tuesday 's lawsuit contends that the move reverted the clippers back to his sole ownership and therefore , shelly sterling has no power or right to sell the team . all the stock for the franchise was issued in his name . no trial date has been set for the case to be heard , and it is unclear how long ballmer will be willing to keep his offer on the table as the sterling saga continues . donald sterling has said he believes the team may be worth twice the record $2 billion price his wife negotiated with ballmer , said maxwell blecher , another attorney for sterling . cnn 's lindy hall , carey bodenheimer and dave alsup contributed to this report .:==:donald sterling sues to prevent sale of l a clippers . his wife 's attorney calls it the act of desperation by a delusional , bitter man . sterling is already suing the nba for $1 billion in alleged antitrust violations . sterling believes team may be worth $4 billion , an attorney says .

bruce jenner may be to blame for the four car crash that left one person dead and seven injured , according to sources who said that the pattern of damage on the car he rear ended suggested that impact was the very first in the sequence . former olympian jenner , 65 , smashed his cadillac escalade into the back of the victim 's white lexus on the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on saturday . according to previous reports , the lexus had been in jenner 's path after coming to a halt when it hit a prius travelling ahead . the lexus was then pushed into the path of a hummer coming the other way , leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck and the sole occupant , 69 year old kim howe , dead . bruce jenner may have struck both the white lexus and and a prius in the horror crash on pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on saturday , according to tmz police sources told tmz that an theory operating theory is that jenner rear ended the lexus and when the lexus cleared his lane , his car kept moving and crashed into the prius bruce jenner surveys the crash scene and the damage to the cars which were involved in the horrific smash the 65 year old former olympian 's cadillac escalade rear ended a white lexus , whose sole occupant died sources told tmz that there is an imprint of jenner 's license plate in the car , pictured after the crash the kardashian family patriarch , who escaped the crash u.s.athed , took a roadside sobriety test in front of officers in the wake of the collision , which he passed . investigators are now trying to determine the because and circumstances surrounding the crash and plan to look at the cellphone records of all four drivers and check for any video evidence now , sources have told tmz that , rather than the chain reaction being caused by the victim 's lexus hitting the prius in front of her , jenner may have hit both cars . they claimed that because the lexus had been travelling in a straight line before being rear ended by jenner 's escalade , if the lexus had first struck the prius , there would have been the same amount of damage to the left and right sides of the front of the lexus before he hit it but pictures of the incident suggest there is not . a representative for the prius also driver told tmz that there is an imprint of jenner 's license plate in the car . law enforcement sources told the celebrity news site that one operating theory is that the prius had been stopped behind cars and , as a traffic light turned green , vehicles began moving . it was at this point , sources say , that jenner rear ended the lexus and when the lexus cleared his lane , his car kept moving and crashed into the prius . tmz reported that police say when jenner hit the lexus , it veered left while his escalade moved to the right . the woman who died in the four car crash was 69 year old widow kim howe , a neighbour of the kardashians bruce jenner was pictured holding a cigarette out the window of his cadillac escalade before the crash here , a zoomed out version of the image shows jenner 's suv before it sustained dents to the bonnet detectives in malibu have opened a vehicular homicide investigation . if any of the drivers in the crash are found criminally negligent , felony charges could be filed which carry a sentence of up to six years in prison . if it is determined that jenner 's escalade struck both cars and authorities find he was following too closely , it would make prosecution for vehicular manslaughter more likely than if he was just part of the chain reaction . jenner , who was involved in the fatal crash on saturday , is seen taking a sobriety test in front of officers jenner co operated with officers , walking in a straight line at their instruction . he passed the test the kardashian family patriarch was towing a dune buggy at the time of the crash , pictured right investigations will determine if jenner , or any of the other three drivers involved in the collision , were texting or on their mobile phones at the time of the collision . it is illegal to text while driving in california . the star 's representative has denied that he was texting behind the wheel . breaking his silence on the crash the following day , jenner said in a statement : my heartfelt and deepest sympathies go out to the family and loved ones , and to all of those who were involved or injured in this terrible accident . it is a devastating tragedy , and i cannot pretend to imagine what this family is going through at this time . i am praying for them . i will continue to cooperate in every way possible . but three days after the crash , jenner was seen talking on his phone while driving in los angeles . the reality star had the device pressed to his ear while behind the wheel in thousand oaks , california . jenner 's cadillac escalade hit the back of the victim 's white lexus on the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , which then reportedly hit a prius before being pushed into the path of a hummer the pacific coast highway was shut down as detectives opened a vehicular homicide investigation if it is determined that jenner 's escalade struck both cars and authorities find he was following too closely , it would make prosecution for vehicular manslaughter more likely an aerial view of the crash scene on saturday shows the damaged cars , and police markings as they work to establish the because bruce jenner , pictured above with his olympic gold medal for the decathlon in the 1976 montreal games bruce married kris jenner , pictured together , in 1991 , but their divorce is expected to be finalized next month bruce jenner back center is ex husband of kris jenner back row with bruce and father to kylie and kendall jenner right of kris . he is stepfather to the kardashian sisters kim , khloe left with basketball player lamar odom and kourtney right with fiance scott disick .:==:jenner , 65 , smashed his cadillac escalade into the back of victim 's lexus . previous theory suggested jenner had been unable to avoid lexus after it ran into back of prius travelling ahead . but sources suggest jenner 's car may have struck the lexus first , before driving on and hitting the prius . pictures of incident suggest lack of damage to lexus that would be expected if it had rear ended another car , sources claim . horrific crash left sole occupant of the lexus kim howe , 69 dead after her car was pushed into path of oncoming hummer .