more than two thirds of pregnant women believe they risk their jobs by taking maternity leave and fear competition from ambitious colleagues , according to a new study . seven in ten women are worried about redundancy and feel their job is more vulnerable if they take statutory maternity leave after giving birth . the study by recruitment firm maternitycover.com reveals the extent of working women 's concerns about the impact pregnancy has on their careers . half of women said they would consider hiding their pregnancy from their boss if they were offered a job half of the 1,300 women asked said they would consider hiding their pregnancy from their boss if they were offered a new job or a promotion . the law states that women can take 26 weeks of standard maternity leave and return to their jobs . but the study shows that in the current economic climate half of women are concerned they risk their long term career prospects by taking time off to be with their baby . three in four working women said their prospects of a promotion worsened when they had children and one in three believed they had been passed over in favour of other colleagues because they were of childbearing age . more than two thirds of women earned less after having a baby , the study found paul jenkins , chief executive of maternitycover.com , said : women face countless u.s.oken taboos when it comes to having children and maintaining a career . our survey , boardrooms and babies , makes this all too clear . we wanted to drill down into what women really experience , practically and financially , in the workplace when a baby appears on the scene . only by lifting the lid in this way can we encourage conversation and improve communication between everyone involved . working women were polled through parenting site netmums . the study found more than two thirds of women earned less than before having a baby and just five per cent said their salary had risen . women on maternity leave are paid a minimum by law of 90 per cent of their weekly earnings for the first six weeks followed by at least £136 a week for 33 weeks , which is lower than the minimum wage . more than half of those polled said they returned to work sooner than they wanted to because of money worries and four out of five said they got into debt during the work break .:==:poll by maternitycover.com found half feared ambitious colleagues . seven in ten worried job is more vulnerable if they take time off . three quarters said prospects of promotion affected by maternity leave .

john alite has taken a baseball bat to countless guys . he has stabbed , shot and killed dozens more . he has been pistol whipped , been brutally beaten , has had his life threatened and survived two years in a brazilian jail so appalling that the president of the country has said he would rather die than go there . today he is a free man , immaculately dressed and drinking a vodka martini in manhattan 's peninsula hotel . and this , he has just announced , is the hardest time he is ever had . because according to alite people do not change , yet change is precisely what alite is trying to bring to his life and , he hopes , the lives of kids on the brink of making the mistakes he made decades ago . it is the reason , he believes , he is still alive . speaking to daily mail online he said , honestly i ve thought about it every single day . i believe i did not do the right thing but i believe there is a reason why i am supposed to be here . when people say you baseball batted a hundred people and stabbed however many , you shot 37 , i cannot forget it let me tell you how i justified it i did not hurt women . i did not rob an armored car in my life because that is a hard working guy and i would never be prepared to hurt him . new life : mob enforcer john alite has put aside a life in the mafia to become a motivational speaker . he says : you can fool someone who is not a gangster . but take a street guy , a real tough guy and they can read through all his b t you cannot fake it but you can learn it convicted : just two of the mugshots alite featured in , both taken in brazil in 2003 and 2004 when he was arrested over a string of offenses and held in its most notorious prison but did i rob drug dealers ? yes , all the time . did i hurt street guys ? yes , all the time . did i shoot street guys ? yes , all the time . did i shoot people who were hanging out with wise guys ? yes , all the time . but outside of that ? no what i did , i cannot take back and when i was doing what i was doing i was proud of it but i have enlightenment now . whether it is because i got into trouble or whether it is because i got disheartened from them turning on me , does not matter how i got it , but i did get it eventually . now , three years after his release from jail , he is reinventing himself as a motivational speaker who hopes to scare kids straight , give corporate employees an aggressive edge and consult on movies and tv shows trying to accruately portray the world in which he once live and excelled . for more than twenty years alite was a high ranking member of the gambino crime family . he worked for the gottis – both father and son . he was , he said , at the top of the food chain , one of their top earners and enforcers . he could never be a made man in the mafia because the grandson of albanian immigrants was born in tirana , albania . but he thought he was moving in a world governed by rules codes of honour , loyalty and respect . then , when he was in jail in brazil , alite was passed secret 302 s files kept by the fbi documenting interviews with their informants showing that john gotti jr , the man who had stood by him when he married his first wife in 1998 , was a super rat . and everything changed . boss : john gotti , also known as the dapper don , who was at the head of the gambino crime family . but alite says that ultimately he and his son proved to be liars ad not men of honor friends turned enemies : john gotti jr and john alite as friends in the mid 1980 s . but they are now enemies , with alite having given evidence against gotti , who alite says was himself a rat according to alite , he realized that he had bought into a lie – the seductive image was just that , an image . the gottis – father and son – were not men of substance but cowards , sold out by their own lawyer who , alite said , handed over the 302 s to his contact . alite cut his own deal . in 2008 he secretly pleaded guilty to two murders , four conspiracies to murder , at least eight shootings and two attempted shootings as well as armed home invasions and armed robberies in new york , new jersey , pennsylvania and florida . he testified in the trial of gambino family enforcer charles carneglia – now serving a life sentence for four murders . he went onto testify against gotti but after 11 days of deliberations the jury came back deadlocked and the judge declared a mistrial . the jury stated that they had not trusted prosecution witnesses – especially alite . on april 26 , 2011 he was sentenced to 10 years in prison . he was released in 2013 having served six since his extradition . john gotti jr 's role as an fbi informant has since emerged publicly but , much to alite 's , frustration it has gained fewer column inches than he feels it deserves and he rails against the fact that gotti jr 's claim that he left the mob of his own volition is rarely publicly challenged . he said : in 1999 he claims he retired . in 2001 he gets caught on tape mad that his uncle brought him down from boss to skipper . in 2005 he gets caught co operating . they shelve him . meaning he was thrown out of the mob . there is no such thing as quitting . there is no two weeks notice and there is no pension . according to alite , for whom this is all deeply personal , anything that preserves gotti jr 's image is glorifying the mob . he said , if you are glorifying the mob you are killing kids . you are teaching kids to respect the wrong thing . you are teaching them to respect a coward . at 52 alite still carries himself like the wise guy mobster he once was . he is physically fit , heavily tattooed and charismatic . he is the real deal and dangerously close to glamorizing the very thing against which he is speaking out by virtue of his own charm . but he insisted , i m not proud of what i did . i lived then as if i was at war . i was like an alcoholic with violence . now i am not like that . now i am a little more controlled . now the services he offers are strictly cerebral . with scared straight and at risk youth talks he draws on his own credibility as a mobster to dismantle any lingering delusions that there is anything glamorous or desirable about that life . regrets : alite has four grown up children and says that he regrets not being a part of their lives as much as he should have been because of time spent behind bars mafia presence : john gotti was at the head of the gambino crime family and john alite 's boss . but now that the former mob henchman has gone straight he says : i am doing it the right way . he said , if i go into a juvenile center and talk to 300 kids ages 12 to 17 then i am not going to reach all 300 , but maybe i can reach one or five or 10 . and i will tell you now if i go in and talk to them or if a psychologist does this talk , they are going to listen to me , there is the difference . similarly the man who once prided himself on being the consummate predator is now offering his wisdom in anti bullying speeches . he explained , being a victim or not being a victim is all about the way you walk , the way you talk , the way you carry yourself . same thing in the prison system . and a predator in those situations , in the street or in jail , they can sense it , they can feel it you can fool someone who is not a gangster . john gotti jr could walk into this room and fool someone who is not a street guy . but take a street guy , a real tough guy and they can read through all his b t you cannot fake it but you can learn it once a millionaire many times over alite was financially successful – legally and illegally – because , he said , he was aggressive . when speaking to corporate clients he can offer experience beyond anybody 's education . and few can lay claim to inspiring the level of respect he once held , something , he insisted that has nothing to do with fear and everything to do with credibility . for his own part alite is not without regrets . as a father of four adult children ages 18 to 25 he admitted : i feel really bad for my kids because i was not there for them because of my crazy lifestyle . but , he said , at some point in your life you have to take blame for what you did : right , wrong or indifferent . when someone says they do not feel guilt i think they are a liar or a sociopath . truthfully at the time i thought i was invincible . now i do not sleep well . i go to therapy all the time and it is a constant work in progress . of course i miss the money . of course i miss that i was a big shot . i am like everybody else . i want to get the clothes , the nice things , but it is not worth it before i did not care how i got it now , i do not want to lose direction and become the person i used to be this is the hardest time i ve ever had – trying to reinvent myself but i am doing it through hard work , i am doing it the right way . for more information go to www . johnalite.com .:==:john alite has spent years in prison in america and brazil but is now free and has become a motivational speaker . he offers insights he learned from being one of the mob 's most brutal enforcers on behalf of the gambino crime family . alite 's grandparents were kosovan , so he could not become a made man , but was involved in dozens of acts of violence from beatings to murder . now he says he can scare kids onto the straight and narrow and also offers corporate clients advice on how to gain respect . he tells daily mail online : i go in and talk to them or if a psychologist does this talk , they are going to listen to me . in 2008 he put mafia life behind him by pleading guilty to two murders , four conspiracies to murder , eight shootings and two attempted shootings . testified against former friend john gotti jr having worked as an enforcer for his father john , who was nicknamed the dapper don .

jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole in one at the masters on wednesday , as camilo villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par three contest . villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished alongside kevin streelman on five under par , only to find water on the eighth when he played it again as the third play off hole . kevin streelman holds his trophy aloft after winning the par 3 contest on a play off against camilo villegas streelman therefore became the latest player to be saddled with the curse of the par three champion , with no player ever becoming par three and masters champion in the same year . however , that was placed firmly into perspective thanks to his 11 year old caddie ethan couch , who has a benign but inoperable brain tumour . streelman found couch via the make a wish foundation and invited him to be his caddie in the light hearted curtain raiser . augusta national 's par three course traditionally hosts the contest the day before start of the major it was a really fun day , especially to have ethan with me here , streelman said . this is not about me today . it is about helping him out and showing him a great day . villegas said : i ve made a few hole in ones , but it is pretty special to make them here . the second one , we were a little more emotional there . we just kind of jumped . nicklaus had earlier holed out with an eight iron from 123 yards on the fourth , his ball landing around 15 feet past the pin and spinning back into the hole . woods played in the masters par three contest at augusta national for the first time in 11 years that took the 75 year old six time champion to three under par , but he would bogey the fifth and hit two balls into the water on the ninth to end his hopes of an unlikely triumph . former us open champion curtis strange reminded nicklaus of the tradition that players who make a hole in one have to buy the drinks in the clubhouse when nicklaus walked past the espn commentary position . send me a bill , nicklaus replied . the masters official twitter account shared an image of rory mcilroy and tiger woods with niall horan the 18 time major winner added on espn : i never had a hole in one at augusta , in the par three or on the golf course . doing an interview this morning i said all i have to do is go out there , make a hole in one and win the par three . i had it three under and then choked . since the contest started in 1960 , nobody has ever become par three and masters champion in the same week , a fact which sometimes sees players deliberately not shoot the best score possible . most treat it as light relief and invite family or friends to act as their caddies , including tiger woods this year for the first time since 2004 . woods had his children charlie and sam on his bag and made sure he could not win the event by getting daughter sam to tap in for par on the sixth . jack nicklaus with ben crenshaw and gary player during the par 3 contest we had an absolutely great time . these were memories for a lifetime , said woods , who was also accompanied by girlfriend lindsey vonn . he later added on twitter : i ll always have memories of my pop at augusta and now sam charlie . an amazing day . tournament favourite rory mcilroy had one direction singer niall horan acting as his caddie and horan proved he should stick to singing after badly hooking a tee shot on the ninth into the water . i apologise to golf , horan joked . i do perform to a lot of people but we were performing to their parents today there was a lot of pressure . mcilroy , who is looking to become the sixth player to complete the career grand slam by winning a first masters title on sunday , added : i wanted to do this because it is a big week for me and just to go into the tournament in a relaxed mood . to spend a couple of hours like this was fun .:==:kevin streelman beat camilo villegas on third play off hole at augusta . tiger woods played in the par three contest for the first time since 2004 . jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole in one at the masters .

after vowing to take a long , long break from acting , leonardo dicaprio has instead turned his attention to developing his property portfolio and has completed on deals worth more than $23 million in the past four months . the latest addition to leo 's growing real estate empire is a $10 million apartment at the health centric delos building in new york s greenwich village . the wolf of wall street star has purchased a two bedroom , two and half bath apartment on the fourth floor of the building at 66 west 11 th st , under the corporation name of his malibu colony pch property , lcc , reports the new york post . the latest addition to leo 's growing real estate empire is a $10 million apartment at the health centric delos building in new york s greenwich village the complex which has well certification for its holistic approach to improving human wellness boasts facilities including vitamin c infused showers , purified air and water , and a circulated aromatherapy air supply . it also boasts posture supportive heat reflexology flooring and wouldawn simulation provided by a circadian lighting design . in addition , donna karan 's urban zen is providing the building 's residents with a wellness concierge to curate and coordinate your daily wellness experience . lucky leo has also been told he can use a $1 million parking space that comes with the building s 8,000 square foot duplex penthouse until that apartment is sold . getting serious : leonardo dicaprio has reportedly moved his girlfriend toni garrn , seen here earlier this month , into his recently purchased $8 million battery city park apartment expansion plans : the actor already owns an apartment in the battery park city building but in march bought his neighbour 's 2,300 square foot unit for $8 million the 39 year old actor has been on a property buying spree recently , splashing out $8 million in march on a two bedroom apartment adjacent to a $4 million apartment that he has owned at the eco friendly 2 river terrace in battery park city since 2008 . the expectation is that dicaprio will combine the 2,327 square foot apartment with his existing home , although he has yet to file plans to combine the two units . according to intouch , the titanic actor has moved the 21 year old model girlfriend toni garrn into the recently purchased unit . a source told the magazine : leo bought the apartment and quickly moved toni in with him . it seems like they re really enjoying living together . the source added that the couple who have been dating for almost a year always look happy and relaxed when around the exclusive riverhouse apartment building . holiday home : the wolf of wall street actor also recently purchased this $5.23 million residence in palm springs in february the 39 year old actor spent $5.2 million on a six bedroom mansion in palm springs , california . the 1.34 acre property has seven bathrooms , a detached state of the art gymnasium , a pool house and a tennis court with a glass pavilion surround . the multi level , single story mansion , which was designed by architect donald wexler , was built in 1965 and , although it is been fully renovated , it still features mid century architecture . leo 's property empire also includes a large beachfront estate in malibu , california . dicaprio , who missed out on a best actor oscar for his role in the wolf of wall street , recently told germany 's daily bild that , after working on three films in two years , he is taking a break . i am a bit drained . i m now going to take a long , long break , the actor said . i ve done three films in two years and i m just worn out . west coast living : leonardo owns properties across america and globe , including a large beachfront estate in malibu , california .:==:leo dicaprio has invested more than $23 million in properties since february . his latest purchase is a $10 million apartment at the health centric delos building in new york 's greenwich village . it boasts posture supportive heat reflexology flooring and wouldawn simulation provided by a circadian lighting design . in march the actor spent $8 million to purchase a two bedroom apartment adjacent to his existing $4 million home in battery park city . the actor is reportedly currently living in the $8 million unit with his 21 year old model girlfriend toni garrn . in february he spent $5.2 million on a six bedroom mansion in palm springs , california .

these are the shocking images of hundreds of migrants making the dangerous journey from africa to europe cramped into a tiny raft . humanitarian agencies believe around 20,000 lives have been lost in the last 20 years , as men , women and children cross the mediterranean sea to escape persecution in their home countries . the incredible footage released by the italian navy shows the risks these individuals take as they take on the perilous 70 mile stretch of water between the north african coast and the sicilian island of lampedusa . cramped : this screen shot from a video released by the italian navy shows immigrants packed onto a raft before being rescued off the sicilian island of lampedusa more than 30,000 migrants arrived in italy and malta in the first nine months of 2013 , compared with 15,000 in all of 2012 , according to the you . n refugee agency , with many fleeing dictatorship in eritrea and civil war in syria . thousands then move into northern europe 's larger and more organised immigrant communities . they do know that they are risking their lives , but it is a rational decision , said maurizio albahari , assistant professor of anthropology at the university of notre dame . dangerous : humanitarian agencies say nearly 20,000 migrants have perished while trying to cross the mediterranean sea into europe over the past 20 years because they know for a fact they will be facing death or persecution at home whatever remains of their home , or assuming there is a home in the first place . what drives them is the hope that they will have a better life in europe for themselves and their children . it is either perish or go somewhere , he added . in the last two weeks , two boats have capsized while making the journey , leaving nearly 400 people dead . in the second case , the italian coast guard said it received a satellite phone call from the boat that it was in distress and was able to locate it based on the satellite coordinates . perilous : rescue workers from the italian navy surround the tiny raft which is packed with desperate migrants . around 30,000 are already said to have landed in europe this year a maltese aircraft was sent up and reported that the boat had capsized and numerous people were in the water . the aircraft dropped a life raft , and a patrol boat soon arrived at the scene . late friday , maltese prime minister joseph muscat reported that 27 bodies had been recovered , three of them children . he said 150 survivors were rescued aboard a maltese ship while another 56 had been picked up by an italian navy vessel with a further 15 on board a fishing boat . safe : migrants sit on the deck of the italian navy ship , libra , after being rescued from the raft in vain : rescued migrants are frisked by crew members on the italian ship . people who make the journey are often sent home by italian immigration shortly after they have arrived plea : malta 's prime minister joseph muscat has urged the eu not to allow the mediterranean sea to become a cemetery the incident occurred as recovery operations continued off lampedusa for victims of the oct . 3 shipwreck , where 339 people drowned . one of the victims was said to be a newborn baby , recovered with its umbilical cord still attached . the recent deaths prompted renewed calls for the european union to do more to better patrol the southern mediterranean and prevent such tragedies and for countries like libya to crack down on smuggling operations . we cannot allow the mediterranean to become a cemetery , muscat told a news conference in valletta , the maltese capital . last week the politician claimed there was an u.s.stainable number of migrants arriving on malta 's shores . the mediterranean island , with a population of just 400,000 , has become the landing point for many of the migrants seeking a new life in europe . on land : the migrants rescued at sea disembark from the military ship libra , which carried 235 migrants to porto empedocles , sicily , italy . lampedusa is the destination of choice for smugglers who usually charge more than £800 a head and cram the migrants onto boats that routinely run into trouble and require rescue . fortress europe , an italian observatory that tracks migrant deaths reported by the media , says about 6,450 people died in the canal of sicily between 1994 and 2012 . once in italy , the migrants are screened for asylum and often sent back home if they do not qualify . during the 1990 s and early 2000 s , many of the arrivals were considered economic migrants . but many of the latest arrivals are fleeing persecution and conflict in places such as syria and and qualify for refugee status , you . n officials say . during a visit to lampedusa this week , european commission president jose manuel barroso promised italy £25 million in eu funds for italian authorities to provide better care for newly arrived immigrants .:==:authorities say 30,000 people have already landed in italy and malta in 2013 . nearly 400 people have died making the journey in the last two weeks . smugglers charge £800 a head to pack people onto the boats . malta 's prime minister says the mediterranean cannot become a cemetery .

barbie is set to make her transition from the toy shelf to the big screen in a new live action movie . according to deadline , mattel and sony have teamed up on a movie starring the iconic doll , which is expected to go into production by the end of this year . the film will reportedly allow barbie to use her personal and professional skills to step into the lives of others and improve them , almost like a modern day mary poppins . in a barbie world : barbie is set to make her transition from the toy shelf to the big screen in a new live action movie produced by sony , which is expected to go into production by the end of the year mattel and sony announced on wednesday that the movie will be written by what a girl wants writer jenny bicks and produced by walter f parkes and laurie macdonald , the husband and wife team behind men in black 3 . a big part of the appeal of the film , says studio chief amy pascal , is that it will focus on barbie not only as a plaything for current youngsters , but also as a source of nostalgia for older generations that grew up with the doll . it is also expected to emphasize the doll as a symbol of female empowerment . tim kilpin , mattel s evp of global brands , said of the project : barbie has entertained children and inspired their imagination and creativity for more than 50 years . now is the right time in barbie 's celebrated history for her to star in a live action , contemporary comedy that brings her playful personality to life for generations of fans . now is the right time in barbie 's celebrated history for her to star in a contemporary comedy a source told the hollywood reporter that the plot will team barbie with an overworked bureaucrat looking for an assistant . a contemporary buddy comedy ensues . this is not the first collaboration between mattel and sony the companies are also currently developing a film adaptation of masters of the universe . toy inspired movies are certainly having a moment this year . february saw the release of the lego movie , starring chris pratt and elizabeth banks as the voices of some of the toys . the 3 d film was a commercial blockbuster , raking in more than $441 million worldwide , which made it the highest grossing movie of 2014 so far . a sequel is expected to be released in the summer of 2017 .:==:mattel has joined forced with sony on the film , which is expected to go into production by the end of the year .

fascinating fire maps tracking the shifting patterns of wildfires across the world reveal a continuous pulse of flame around the globe . the animation uses information from nasa satellites to show the annual shifts in the frequency and distribution of fires around the world over the past 12 years . flickering graphics highlight the locations of actively burning fires all over the globe on a monthly basis from 2000 up to 2012 a year that has seen fires raging on spain 's costa del sol , and is on track to become the worst on record for wildfires in the u.s. statistics : the moving map tracks the patterns of fires raging across the world reality : this photograph shows flames out of control near coin in malaga , southern spain , in august . the country has been plagued by wildfires this summer due to unusually dry weather the nasa maps which incorporate blazes started by humans as well as wildfires are based on observations from the moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer on nasa 's terra satellite . the changing colours in the maps reflect the number of fires recorded within a 1,000 square kilometre area , with white illustrating the highest amount as many as 100 fires in one area per day and red the lowest , as few as one fire per day . identifiable patterns that emerge in the maps over time can be attributed both to natural causes and to human involvement . natural cycles of rainfall , dryness and lightning strikes are behind many wildfires , while other blazes can be triggered by burning campfires or even a tossed cigarette . uncontrolled wildfires can burn acres of land and consume everything in their path in a matter of minutes . global pulse : active fires are evident in africa and other areas across the world in july 2011 flickering : pixels identify glowing flames in america , africa and parts of europe in the summer of 2010 satellite technology : the animation was created using information gathered by nasa satellites in space shifting patterns : wildfires can be triggered both by natural causes and human intervention havoc : wildfires raging out of control can consume everything in their path flames : the maps track the shifting patterns in the distribution and frequency of wildfires over a 12 year period space agency : nasa collated information gathered from 2000 to 2012 looking back : this map from july 2004 indicates less activity in africa than in previous summers intense burning : the summer of 2003 again shows active fires in africa and america , as well as smatterings in other areas past patterns : this map illustrates active fires around the globe a decade ago in summer 2002 high numbers : the areas of white indicate as many as 100 fires per day over a 1,000 square kilometre area annual trends : the animation begins with data gathered in 2000 fire swept through southern spain this week as firefighters battled to bring a raging wildfire suspected to have been caused by arsonists , under control . thousands of holidaymakers were evacuated from hotels and villas on the costa del sol as the fire blazed . the u.s. has also been stricken by massive blazes , with 2012 on course to become the worst year on record for wildfires across the country . leaping flames : firefighters can be seen working to control a raging forest fire next to a road in ojen , southern spain , in august danger : flames leap above a neighbourhood in the foothills of colorado springs in colorado , u.s. in june 2012 .:==:maps track the shifting patterns of fires across the globe from 2000 to 2012 . fascinating animation uses information gathered by nasa satellites in space .

it was the picture that broke the nation 's heart hawkeye the labrador lying longingly by his master 's coffin as the navy seal 's emotional funeral was conducted . but hawkeye will not be alone for long as the deceased soldier 's best human friend has stepped in to offer the dog a home . it has been revealed that scott nichols , a close friend of petty officer jon tumilson , who was killed in the major u.s. helicopter crash in afghanistan this month , will care for hawkeye . sadness : navy seal jon tumilson 's labrador retriever hawkeye was loyal to the end , as he refused to leave his master 's side during an emotional funeral man 's best friend : mr tumilson 's family members followed hawkeye into the service before he lay down nikki virgilio , a friend of mr tumilson known as j t who was at the funeral , said hawkeye was a personal pet rather than a military dog . i can happily report to you that hawkeye was willed to one of j t 's good friends , the same one that took care of him whenever j t was deployed overseas , she wrote on facebook . the des moines register revealed this close friend to be scott nichols , who said at the funeral that the fallen seal was more scared of his parents dying than being killed himself . j t was going to be a navy seal come hell or high water , mr nichols said . he was not afraid of dying . ms virgilio wrote on facebook that mr nicols had previously taken care hawkeye while mr tumlinson was deployed abroad . hawkeye captured the public s emotions when a photo taken by mr tumilson s cousin , lisa pembleton , and showed the labrador retriever refusing to leave his master 's side . mr tumilson , of san diego , california , was one of 38 killed on august 6 when a rocket propelled grenade took out a u.s. chinook helicopter . big funeral : petty officer jon tumilson , 35 , killed in the afghanistan helicopter crash this month , was remembered by around 1,500 mourners pride : mr tumilson 's mother and father were told they helped raise an outstanding man a hero his funeral was held on friday in his hometown of rockford , iowa , at the rudd rockford marble rock community school . ms pembleton said : i felt compelled to take one photo to share with family members that could not make it or could not see what i could from the aisle . to say that he was an amazing man does not do him justice . the loss of jon to his family , military family and friends is immeasurable . during the service , u.s. navy lieutenant robert bradshaw told mr tumilson 's parents that they helped raise an outstanding man a hero . family , friends and servicemen , along with iowa governor terry branstad and u.s. senator charles grassley , packed the school 's gymnasium . mr tumilson , who joined the navy in 1995 , was known to friends as j t packed : his funeral was held in his hometown of rockford , iowa , at the rudd rockford marble rock community school downed : mr tumilson , of san diego , california , was one of 38 killed on august 6 when a rocket propelled grenade took out their chinook helicopter if j t had known he was going to be shot down when going to the aid of others , he would have went anyway , friend and soldier boe nankivel said . mr tumilson 's sister , kristie pohlman , said he always dreamed of joining the military 's elite special forces unit . your dreams were big and seemed impossible to nearly everyone on the outside , she said . i always knew you would somehow do what you wanted . family members followed hawkeye into the service . mr tumilson is survived by two sisters and his parents , george and kathleen . see video here .:==:labrador will go to friend of jon tomlinson , who was killed in chinook crash . a fund was set up in the seal 's honour . donations can be sent to frogman 238 memorial fund at : first security bank and trust , 201 west main ave , rockford , iowa , 50468 .

the world s first mobile team to administer euthanasia in patients homes will be launched next month . units will be dispatched when family doctors refuse to administer lethal drugs on ethical grounds . they are expected to send the number of euthanasia cases in holland soaring , with pro campaigners claiming they will end the lives of an additional 1,000 patients a year . no way back : the units will euthanise patients by administering a strong sedative to put them in a coma , followed by a drug to stop them breathing officially , 2,700 dutch people a year choose assisted suicide , but critics say the real figure is far higher . the launch of the first unit , which will consist of at least a doctor and a nurse , was confirmed on radio netherlands by the country s right to die association . the group confirmed the unit in the hague will be the first of six that will target borderline cases in which family gps are reluctant to administer euthanasia . it is likely to be used with mentally ill patients or those with early dementia , involving the patient s gp only if possible , the association has said . the group has previously claimed that 80 per cent of people with dementia or mental illnesses were being missed by the country s euthanasia laws . but the federation of dutch physicians fears the teams may end the lives of people who could be treated . in the worst cases , people could die who perhaps could have received some other help , a spokesman said . in britain , phyllis bowman of right to life said she was absolutely appalled by the development . this is a real tragedy when you consider that in the second world war the dutch refused to implement the nazi euthanasia programme . she added : people here should be warned that if we allowed euthanasia they might have a mobile unit at their door at some time . the units , which are backed by the dutch government , must conform to the 2002 law that made holland the first country in the world to allow euthanasia since nazi germany . value of life : archbishop of canterbury dr rowan williams said this week that it would be a disaster if assisted suicide was legalised in britain this law stipulates that a person can only quality for euthanasia if their suffering is lasting and unbearable . the units were first revealed by health minister edith schippers in the dutch parliament late last year . she said that units for patients who meet the criteria for euthanasia but whose doctors are unwilling to carry it out was worthy of consideration . in holland , euthanasia is carried out by administering a strong sedative to put the patient in a coma , followed by a drug to stop breathing and because death . the dutch government insists the greatest care is taken to offer euthanasia only to patients who are suffering unbearably with no prospect of improvement . the archbishop of canterbury , dr rowan williams , said in a general synod debate this week that it would be a disaster if assisted suicide was legalised in britain . to change the law on this subject is , i believe , to change something vital in our sense of the value of life itself , he said .:==:teams will end the lives of additional 1,000 a year . 2,700 dutch people a year choose assisted suicide .

a wounded veteran who was injured in the deadly texas train crash last week says the victims aboard a doomed tractor trailer rig had just a split second before they were struck by a train . sergent first class richard sanchez was at the front of the trailer with his wife when someone on board yelled train the wounded serviceman appeared on the today show to speak about the horrific crash in midland on thursday night that killed four veterans and injured 16 others including at least one woman whose leg had to be amputated . sgt sanchez said he had just enough time to push his wife off the trailer before the speeding engine smashed into the veterans . injured : first sergent richard sanchez broke his back in the train crash after pushing his wife heather to safety there s not really any delay in time , the first time i heard somebody yelling train , me pushing her and me getting thrown , he recounted . it all seems to go by extremely fast , he said . sanchez added the he was struck in the chest by the crossing arm as it lowered just moments before impact . the national transportation safety board found that the train crossing signals only began flashing 20 seconds before the train hit and that the train engineer hit the brakes only five seconds before impact not nearly enough time to stop . the crossing arms at the intersection began to lower 13 seconds before the train crossed through the intersection . as the arms began to come down , 12 seconds before impact , the truck drove across the tracks . the cab and the very front of the trailer crossed to safety , but the midsection was directly in the path of the speeding train , the ntsb found . heroes on board : this is a shot of the tragic parade float just moments before it was wrecked and destroyed by a train sea of support : about 300 people attended a candlelight vigil held at centennial plaza in midland , texas on saturday to honor those who lost their lives in the accident marine chief warrant officer 3 gary stouffer , 37 army sgt maj lawrence boivin , 47 army sgt joshua michael , 34 and army sgt . maj . william lubbers , 43 , perished in the accident . meg lander , the wife of one of the veterans , had to have her leg amputated . five people remain in the hospital i saw my husband laying in a ball , i thought he was dead . he wasn t moving , didn t look like he was breathing , there was blood everywhere , sgt sanchez 's wife heather said . he suffered a broken back and cannot walk until the swelling around his spine goes down , he told today . she lost her composure as she recalled the horror of the day . kansas based lawyer david pottroff , who specializes in train crashes , said the train warning system was designed to activate 30 seconds before the train crosses an intersection . the signals in place gave on 20 seconds warning . however , the ntsb said they all functioned how they were supposed to on saturday , 300 people attended a vigil on saturday evening in downtown midland . the attendees lit white candles and prayed for the victims families and the community as a whole . the town square was lined with american flags . sadness : the midland town square was lined with american flags during the somber vigil by candlelight : vigil attendees seek solace in each other as they remember the men who died in the veterans parade train crash in song : musicians play in front of the crowd as people gather in centennial plaza in midland , texas ministers prayed for residents in the town to have strength in wake of the tragedy . i promise you the next few days will be tough but when we get to the other side , it will be better , mayor wes perry told the crowd . the community is grieving . we are grieving and in pain , city manager courtney sharp said . midland resident gery cain said he attended the vigil to participate in the healing that this will bring to the community . it was revealed on saturday that the parade float had crossed onto the railroad tracks after warning signals were going off , investigators revealed on saturday . grief : mourners seek comfort in each other as they attend the vigil to honor the four fallen military veterans honoring the fallen : two vigil attendees hold up their candles , left , while mark thomas and his son samuel place flowers at the site of the crash , at right leadership : midland mayor wes perry speaks during the vigil at centennial plaza four veterans of iraq and afghanistan were killed and 16 more people were injured when the train crashed into the flatbed truck in west texas . it was the second of two floats carrying veterans in thursday 's parade in midland . the first was exiting the tracks when the warning bells and signals were activated , 20 seconds before the accident , according to the national transportation safety board . the second float did not enter the tracks until several seconds after the warning system went off , the ntsb said . by that time , the guardrail was lowering . fallen : sgt maj gary stouffer , left , and sgt major lawrence boivin , right , were the two veterans pronounced dead at the scene of the crash valiant : sgt maj william lubbers , 43 , left , was taken to the hospital , where he succumbed to his injuries along with sgt maj joshua michael , right once the crossing becomes active , people should stop , lead investigator robert accetta with the ntsb said at a news conference on saturday afternoon . the timeline was pieced together by combining information from a video camera mounted on the front of the train , another one on a sheriff 's car and a data recorder that acts like an airplane 's black box , activating when the train blared the horn , ntsb member mark rosekind said . nine seconds before the crash , the train sounded its horn , a blaring that lasted four seconds , according to rosekind . the guardrail hit the truck , then the engineer pulled the emergency brake , trying to bring the train that was traveling at 62 mph to screeching halt . people on the first float and dozens of others who had come out to greet the veterans shrieked and watched in shock , as some aboard the truck tried to jump off , witnesses said . the veterans military instincts kicked in as they treated the wounded . devastation : a train smashed into this flatbed trailer carrying dozens of veterans and their spouses on thursday evening the ntsb has also interviewed the engineer and conductor , and established the train 's air brakes were working , mr rosekind said . no mechanical problems were found with the cars . a review of the train 's maintenance history found no defects , he added . the tracks also had no problems . investigators will try to establish on monday what the engine could have seen as it approached the truck . part of the investigation includes whether the parade had the proper permit . the parade has been an annual event in midland for nine years , but city manager courtney sharp declined to say whether the group , show of support hunt for heroes , had the necessary paperwork to hold the event . railroads are a vital part of midland , a town that sits in the heart of texas oil rich permian basin . three or four tracks lie within city limits , and the site of the accident is just about 10 minutes from downtown . we take all steps into consideration when we permit , mr sharp said . i hate to go down that track until all of the investigation is over , but yes we do take that stuff into account . grieving together : patriot guard riders gather friday , nov . 16 , 2012 , in midland , texas , as ride captain ductape leads them in prayers for the victims and their families of the veterans parade accident mourning : people across midland cried and comforted each other on friday in the aftermath of the crash the veterans were on their way to a banquet in their honour and were being cheered by a flag waving crowd . it was supposed to be the start of a three day weekend of banquets , deer hunting and shopping in appreciation of the veterans sacrifice . five people remained hospitalised early onsaturday . in midland , three people were in stable condition and one in critical . none of the injuries are life threatening , said hospital spokesman marcy madrid . a fifth person who was transferred to a lubbock hospital shortly after the accident is in serious condition . union pacific spokesman raquel espinoza said the speed limit in that area was raised from 40 mph to 60 mph in 2006 . visit nbcnews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy .:==:killed in the accident were marine chief warrant officer 3 gary stouffer , army sgt maj lawrence boivin , army sgt joshua michael and army sgt maj william lubbers . crossing arms came down 13 seconds before the train crashed into the parade float . sergent first class richard sanchez said he suffered a broken back after pushing his wife to safety .

former secretary of state hillary clinton is on a national tour to promote her new memoir , hard choices . but her journey has been unusually bumpy . her recent gaffes about being dead broke or supposedly unlike the truly well off have made people wonder if she is really in touch with ordinary americans . and then there is a legal case from her past cited in her book that makes one question whether she violated the attorney 's sacred oath to never betray a client 's secrets . the attorney client privilege and its corollary duty to zealously advance the interests of even guilty clients form the very foundation of trust between lawyer and client . clinton appeared to cavalierly toss these obligations aside in an interview she gave in the early 1980 s . in 1975 , the year in which hillary rodham married bill clinton , she took on the defense of 41 year old thomas taylor , who was accused of raping a 12 year old girl . in clinton 's memoir , she proudly discusses her role in the case , demonstrating impressive legal skills for a young attorney fresh out of yale law school . opinion : why clinton 's comments matter i was beginning my legal career as a prosecutor in new york during this time and it is clear to me that clinton 's legal tactics were quite consistent with those used by experienced and ethical defense attorneys of that era . today 's preachers of political correctness , many of whom heartily endorse the clinton candidacy , may be shocked at the details of the future senator 's forceful attack on the 12 year old rape victim in the taylor case , but times were different then . for example , while seeking to compel a psychiatric examination of the sixth grade victim , clinton submitted her own sworn affidavit saying she had : . been informed that the complainant is emotionally u.s.able with a tendency to seek out older men and engage in fantasizing . she has in the past made false accusations about persons , claiming they had attacked her body . she exhibits an unusual stubbornness and temper when she does not get her way . the clinton affidavit stated that a child psychology expert advised her that children in early adolescence tend to exaggerate or romanticize sexual experiences and that adolescents with disorganized families , such as the complainant , are even more prone to such behavior . the language here would score a perfect 10 on the scale of political incorrectness in 2014 . the disorganized families are obviously just ordinary poor people with maybe a dash of single mother household thrown in for good measure . and the 12 year old girl is stubborn and has a temper . really ? is that a problem in girls ? opinion : petty attacks on hillary just will not matter in her book , clinton describes her daring visit to a bombed out read : african american brooklyn neighborhood to obtain the services of a renowned expert in blood analysis . this expert 's reputation pushed a nervous prosecutor into believing that his key piece of corroborating evidence blood and bodily fluids on the victim 's underwear would be thrown out of court . without this evidence , which would have sealed taylor 's fate , the prosecutor folded and accepted a plea to a lesser count . the result was that the man accused of rape that clinton defended served only about a year in prison for an offense worth , even in 1975 , a 15 year state prison sentence . after one short year this rootless clinton 's word drifter was back on the street . while all this may sound horrible to the nonlawyers of the world , in fact everything clinton did as defense counsel at the time appears to have been ethical and proper . clinton 's defense focused on the child 's lack of believability and on throwing out the physical evidence based on the boneheaded prosecutorial destruction of the remaining testable blood stained cloth . looks like good lawyering so far . when looking at this case , the press has generally focused on clinton 's inappropriate laughter in an interview with an arkansas journalist in the early 1980 s . demonstrating a truly tin political ear , she had consented to being tape recorded . in listening to the tape , it is apparent to me that clinton was not laughing about getting a man accused of rape off the hook , but rather at the ineptness of the prosecutors . on tape , she may also have been struggling to bond with the reporter , who often initiates the laughter . this type of shoptalk and gallows humor often takes place behind closed doors among criminal lawyers and prosecutors . but nobody tape records the talk , nobody talks this way on the record to reporters . even the sleaziest of criminal lawyers do not generally brag about getting a man accused in the rape of a child off the hook . it might make attendance at local pta meetings and back to school night more than a little uncomfortable . lawyers have an obligation to provide a strong defense to all whom they represent , even those who committed crimes . the founding fathers designed an adversarial system requiring proof beyond a reasonable doubt and the right to counsel . opinion : how hillary clinton flubbed the wealth question clinton performed her role as defense counsel to an unpopular , indigent client with skill and competence , affording him the constitutional rights cherished by americans . so it is sad really to see her throw this all away and apparently betray the secrets and interests of her client for the sake of telling a good story to a reporter . but that is exactly what she did when during a subsequent interview also in the 1980 s she revealed that taylor had taken and passed a polygraph test . she said on tape that she has forever lost her faith in polygraph tests . what clinton really may have been saying here is that her client lied in claiming innocence when he took the polygraph test because he was really guilty . in other words , she appears to have outed taylor as a liar and a rapist . by framing the story in this way , clinton violated not only the attorney client privilege but also her obligation to fully represent the interests of her client as required by the attorney 's code of professional responsibility . it is utterly improper for a defense attorney to reveal a client confidence in this way . as a veteran teller of legal war stories , my advice to clinton is if you are going to tell one , leave out the child rapist case . clinton may have handled the case tactics well , but the way she talked about her client raises a serious question about her devotion to legal ethics in her early years of practice . we can only hope that the experience she has accumulated in public life has taught the former secretary of state that a devotion to ethical conduct and fidelity to the interests of those she represents are critically important character traits .:==:paul callan : hillary clinton defended a man accused of rape early in her career . callan : she violated the attorney 's sacred oath to never betray a client 's secret . he says clinton behaved properly and ethically as a defense counsel in the case . callan : but one wonders if she can truly represent interests of those she represents .

an italian lawyer who won one of her clients 180,000 euros £150,000 in compensation after he was set on fire has been arrested for allegedly stealing it lidia gabellini , 38 , from rimini , is said to have siphoned money from the account of a homeless man who was severely burnt by thugs as he slept on a bench in the city in 2008 . she is also alleged to have stolen money from at least two other clients , including 1,000 euros from a 21 year old disabled man awarded the money after he fell off his home s roof . accused : lidia gabellini , from rimini allegedly stole money from her own clients that she would won compensation for she reportedly spent the money on a luxury car and consumer goods , articolotre said . investigators have seized 200,000 euros from her bank account , money that they believe is stolen . according to italian newspaper ilrestodelcarlino she told a judge : i am ashamed of my weaknesses . i ask forgiveness . her lawyer , alexander petrillo , said : she s not a monster , but a sick woman . she is very fragile , with serious psychiatric problems . gabellini , a mother of one , is currently in custody in a women s prison in forli . her alleged fraud was discovered by a police investigation called vampire , which uncovered false bank statements she d used to throw officials off the scent .:==:lidia gabellini , 38 , from rimini allegedly stole from several clients . police have seized over 200,000 euros from her bank account .

a jilted husband , who repeatedly stabbed his estranged wife with knives that were given to them as a wedding present , has been found guilty of her murder . ty medland , 26 , used one of four knives he concealed on himself to launch a frenzied attack on 24 year old samantha medland in central brighton . before the attack , medland uploaded to his facebook page a link to a series of graphic pictures and videos of the couple having sex . ty medland has been found guilty of stabbing his estranged wife samantha medland to death a message he wrote accompanying the link referred to mrs medland as the cheating , lying , unloyal whore who destroyed everything i loved and believe in . a two week trial at lewes crown court heard that she had become close to another man and had rebuffed her husband s repeated attempts to patch up their marriage . medland , described as a petulant , self centred man incapable of dealing with rejection , knifed her to death as she collected belongings from him near her workplace in queen square , brighton , on february 17 . medland , of cavell avenue , peacehaven , had pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility , but today he was convicted of murder after six hours and four minutes of deliberation by the jury . he showed no emotion in the dock as the jury foreman announced the verdict , but some members of his family were seen clasping their hands to their mouths and sobbing . adjourning sentencing until monday , judge anthony scott gall told the jury : you have convicted the defendant on the most compelling and overwhelming evidence . it was really the most ghastly killing . i m sure you will never forget it the judge said medland faces life imprisonment with a minimum term of at least 25 years behind bars when he comes to sentence him . following the verdict , prosecutor richard barton read part of a victim impact statement made by mrs medland s mother in which she described her devastation . in happier times : ty and samantha medland first met in 2010 , but by earlier this year had become estranged the statement said : my family has been absolutely devastated and shocked that sam has been taken from us in such a way . she was in the prime of her life . we are all still coming to terms with her death . we know us as a family will never get over the loss of samantha . three of the four knives medland armed himself with were weddings gift , the jury heard . the fourth , and the one medland most likely used to fatally stab her , was a lock knife . in a message he wrote to a friend in the minutes before murdering his wife , he wrote : the only thing i want right now is murder suicide . ty medland was found guilty of murdering his wife , samantha , at lewes crown court another read : i could make a joke about murder suicide but that probably wouldn t be funny unless i actually did it , the court was told . when he met his wife he told her that he intended to kill himself . mr barton told the trial : whatever was said , it had an immediate and dramatic effect . the defendant took out one of the knives , in all probability the lock knife , and used it to stab sam . as she fell to the ground , he climbed on top of her , pinning her down with his knees . ben kennedy , a friend who had accompanied mrs medland , turned to see her collapsing from a distance . he then realised to his horror that , as medland was softly punching her , he had a large knife in his hand , mr barton told the jury . as a large crowd gathered , medland used a smaller knife to slash his own wrists and stab himself in the leg . he then asked if he could have a cigarette and a member of the public placed one on a low wall nearby . police then arrived to detain medland before he was taken to hospital . paramedics tried to revive his wife , who was also taken to the royal sussex county hospital . despite the efforts of medical staff , she was declared dead at 10.02 pm from multiple stab wounds , including to her scalp , forehead , cheeks , neck , abdomen and back . two of the stab wounds penetrated major arteries , one in her shoulder and one in her abdomen , with a pathologist concluding she bled to death from those injuries . toxicology tests found no alcohol or drugs in either medland or his wife . the court heard that medland was aware of her growing bond with another man , because he had accessed her facebook account . medland first met his wife at a club in luton , bedfordshire , in november 2010 , after he travelled from his home in sussex to meet a friend . they hit it off almost immediately through their shared love of heavy metal and computers and , just over a month later , on christmas day 2010 , they got engaged . two months later , medland left sussex to move in with her in luton . medland had trouble finding work in bedfordshire and , when his wife ran into difficulties with her job at a hotel , the couple moved to sussex to live with his mother , janet medland . in the same period mrs medland fell pregnant , but by january last year , at the time of her first scan , it emerged that she had miscarried , placing a strain on their relationship . mr barton said medland was hit with further bad news around the same time with the death of his daughter from a previous relationship . he started to suffer from depression for which he received medication , jurors were told . mrs medland , on the other hand , seemed to deal with things rather better . she gained new work at warranty company domestic general in brighton , initially as a call handler , before winning promotion to a supervisory role . cross examined by mr barton , medland was asked : the overwhelming preponderance of evidence is that you murdered your wife , didn t you ? medland replied : no , i did not murder her . in a statement following the case , mrs medland s mother , amelia shah , said : my family and i are absolutely devastated and shocked that sam has been taken from us in such a way . she was in the prime of her life . she was young , beautiful , loving , and a wonderful daughter , sister and auntie who we miss terribly . we are all still coming to terms with her death and miss her so much . the loss is immense . no one should outlive their children . the actions of ty medland have caused devastation and heartbreak to my family . through the court trial i can understand what happened to sam and how much effort was taken to try and save her . we would like to thank everyone who tried to help sam that night , especially her good friend , ben kennedy . we extend those thanks to sussex police , ambulance and hospital staff and everyone else who has helped and supported us i know we , as a family , will never get over the loss of our sam . detective chief inspector mark preston , of the surrey and sussex major crime team , said : sam medland was just 24 when she was murdered by her husband , who she had been married to for just a short time . medland has tried to blame his actions on his severe depression , but the jury has not let him use this as an excuse . there were a lot of people in the area at the time who tried to help sam and i want to thank them and their bravery in attempting to stop ty medland from carrying out his vicious attack . our thoughts are very much with sam s family who have sat through the trial , hearing very distressing evidence about what happened that night . i hope the verdict brings them some comfort .:==:ty medland stabbed wife after efforts to patch up marriage were rebuffed . used knives that had been given to the couple as a wedding present . medland unable to deal with his wife 's growing closer to another man . judge anthony scott gall said : it was really the most ghastly killing .

authorities detained a person near the home of former president george w bush on wednesday night after an incident in his dallas area neighborhood , a u.s. secret service spokesman said . the person who was detained was coming to visit a neighbor of the former president , according to ed donovan of the secret service . the person was authorized to come onto the street , donovan said . the incident is being investigated by the secret service , and there was no perceived threat to the former president , according to sgt . warren mitchell with the dallas police department . president and mrs . bush are ok and they appreciate the work of the united states secret service and the dallas police department in responding to the incident , said bush spokesman david sherzer .:==:the u.s. secret service is investigating the incident . there is no perceived threat to the former president , police said .

the daughter of barclays boss bob diamond , who sprung to his defence on tuesday , is an ivy league grad once listed among wall street 's hottest offspring . nell diamond , who turns 24 this month , has come out swinging in support of her embattled father , launching an abbreviated but vulgar taunt against uk politicians as her father becomes the centre of an international investigation into the libor interest rate fixing scandal . the raven haired beauty and princeton graduate took to twitter to vent some rage over her father s ouster , posting : george osborne and ed miliband you can go ahead and hmd . charity work : nell diamon is a regular attendee at unicef events , pictured left in 2010 and in 2011 , at right nell diamond hides behind a mask at the 2 nd annual unicef masquerade ball at in new york city last october the bizarre insult is defined by the urban dictionary as an acronym for hold my d . nell and her father are known to be very close , as the two are often photographed together at various events in the last several years . in november 2011 , she tweeted a picture of her and her father together at a jay z concert making his famous diamond hand gesture a symbol for his roc a fella records company . in 2010 , she was listed among business insider 's list of wall street s hottest offspring a grouping of the 1 per cent s fresh faced sons and daughters . diamonds are together : nellie with her father bob in a private box at a jay z concert last year . the young bank worker came out in support of her father today this list placed her in the company of ivanka trump and her own brothers rob and charlie that same year , in an interview with washington university s student life newspaper , she described princeton as definitely very , very stressful , mostly because of the level of independent work . she also scribed a piece in a princeton fashion magazine , in which she reportedly wrote : certainly in these trying economic times , it seems not only unethical but impossible for so many people to she will out $700 for a single pair of shoes . she is briefly mentioned in the book too big to fail as a support system for her father , who rushed to new york along with her mother to be with him at the height of wall street 's tumult . in spite of the stresses , nell , who was president of the pi phi sorority , graduated last year with a degree in english after completing her thesis on the cultural myth of female hair in the victorian imagination . all a twitter : within minutes the offensive tweet was taken down , but not before it was retweeted by times journalist david rose shortly after graduation , she began working as an analyst at deutsche bank in new york , and stays active in charities like unicef . her tweet against osbourne and miliband was removed minutes after it was posted , perhaps in light of the fact that the beleaguered barclays chief is scheduled to face a grilling from the treasury select committee on wednesday over the rate fixing scheme . it was replaced with another post , which read : no one in the world i admire more than my dad . 16 yrs building barclays . shame to see the mistakes of few tarnish the hard work of so many . once translated in the twitterverse , her hmd remark continued to provoke confusion . enjoying herself : nell diamond at a party at madame tussaud 's in pictures posted on facebook by her brother charlie unacceptable face of banking : bob diamond , 60 , with jennifer , his wife of 26 years , at a lunch last year . the couple have two sons as well as daughter nell one puzzled twitter follower wrote : so apparently this is what hmd means but i am not any clearer as to what it means in this context . confusedbytxtspk . the controversy came after bob diamond fell on his sword amid intense pressure from on the bank to force him out , it was claimed . bank of england governor sir mervyn king phoned chairman marcus agius to say he wanted the american financier out , it was claimed . it was reported today that mr diamond decided to resign on monday night after assessing the reaction to mr agius decision to quit . attack : bob diamond 's daughter lays into politicians with her re tweets for attacking her father but despite his resignation , mr diamond , 60 , shocked the city by defiantly insisting that he would stay on at the bank despite the rate fixing scandal . the details of mr diamond s testimony before parliament could be highly embarrassing for regulators with increasing speculation that they were aware of the bank s practices but failed to act . his resignation will leave him free to speak openly about what went on at the bank . mr diamond is said to be furious that he and the bank have been blamed for lowballing the rates at which barclays said it could borrow from rivals . bob diamond lifts the fa cup with chelsea captain john terry in the wembley changing room . his daughter posted the picture on twitter bankers insist the authorities knew these rates were inaccurate but did not act because they feared the truth would destabilise the markets . it is also claimed that regulators possessed evidence of rate fixing . mr diamond , who joined the bank 16 years ago , said in his resignation statement today : i am deeply disappointed that the impression created by the events announced last week about what barclays and its people stand for could not be further from the truth . my motivation has always been to do what i believed to be in the best interests of barclays . no decision over that period was as hard as the one that i make now to stand down as chief executive . fallen on their swords : bob diamond and chairman marcus agius , pictured here with former chief executive john varley , have both resigned over the libor rate scandal he went on : i know that each and every one of the people at barclays works hard every day to serve our customers and clients . that is how we support economic growth and the communities in which we live and work . he added : i leave behind an extraordinarily talented management team that i know is well placed to help the business emerge from this difficult period as one of the leaders in the global banking industry . george osborne said mr diamond 's resignation was the right decision for barclays and the right decision for the country . jet set lifestyle : bob diamond talks to tiger woods on the first tee at a golf event sponsored by barclays .:==:nell diamond , 23 , works as an analyst at deutsche bank . has been listed among ivanka trump and her own brothers as wall street 's hottest offspring . mr diamond to appear before treasury select committee on wednesday . osborne : wouldiamond resignation was right for barclays and the country . mr diamond , 60 , expected to receive 13.2 million shares worth nearly $36 million .

it is usually used for helping insomniacs get some much needed sleep . but in a miraculous twist , ambien is believed to have woken up 23 year old sam goddard after he suffered a series of strokes that left him in a coma . sam , from brisbane , australia , was playing football in february 2010 when his head began to pound so severely he screamed for an ambulance . unknown because : sam goddard , 24 , from brisbane , australia , suffered eight strokes in february 2010 . doctors believed he would be in a vegetative state for the rest of his life but he has stunned them by speaking doctors told his family and fiancée , sally jane nielson , he had suffered a staggering eight strokes , leaving him with permanent brain damage . they warned the family sam , now 24 , would be in a vegetative state for the rest of his life , sally told msnbc s rock center . they said he would be a vegetable , she recounted . there was actually a doctor that told us that we would be better off letting sam contract an infection , put him in a home and just let him die . sam would never be able to walk , talk or recognise his loved ones , and would likely be blind , doctors said . plans : sam and his fiancee sally jane nielson were supposed to marry in may three months after the strokes active : sam goddard was healthy and fit and doctors are uncertain why he suffered the devastating strokes no hope : after the strokes , sam was in a coma in the icu for 45 days . doctors told the family there was no hope of recovery and they should let him contract an infection , move him to a home and let him die , his finacee said but sally refused to give up on her boyfriend of four years , whom she had been planning to marry three months later . on the day of her planned wedding , sally said the struggle momentarily became too much . i did not cope very well at all and i actually completely lost it , she told abc . i would say i probably had a nervous breakdown . but i picked myself up pretty quickly after that , dusted myself off because what i was going through was nothing compared to what sam was going through , nothing at all . after 45 days in a coma in the intensive care unit at royal brisbane hospital – where he also contracted pneumonia – sam woke up and began making slow progress . with intense therapy , he began walking , but was still unable to speak or function alone . he could only moan and had the brain function of a young child . determined : but his fiancee sally , pictured , refused to give up hope . she researched options on the internet and found that sleeping pill ambien had helped other stroke sufferers regain speech and movement in the past recovery : sam can now speak after taking the pills . sally has quit her job to look after him full time devoted : the drugs wear off after an hour , at which point sam 's speech becomes unintelligible again desperate to help her fiancé , sally turned to the internet , where she found a video of another young stroke sufferer feeding himself and talking – thanks to doses of the sleeping aid ambien . ambien , also called stilnox , is a prescription medicine used to treat insomnia by initiating sleep . it contains zolpidem , which studies have found increases blood flow in the brain , particularly in areas involved in language comprehension allowing improved function . studies into the connection between stroke rehabilitation and ambien are ongoing . john white at moss rehabilitation center in philadelphia is leading a study into the connection . so far he has found that fewer than 10 per cent of stroke victims respond to the drug and that sam 's case is extremely rare . we re not able to yet advise families on how to use this drug clinically because the research is in the very early stages , he told msnbc . it just blew my mind , said sally , who then pleaded with doctors to give the drug to her fiancé . they refused , citing the lack of studies into the connection . they almost laughed at us really . they didn t think it was possible that a sleeping pill could awaken someone . but i felt compelled to so sally lied , saying sam needed the pills to sleep and just days later , after a year of only being able to moan unintelligible sounds , he did the impossible – he began to talk . he immediately phoned his parents and left them a message . there was sam saying , i m talking , i m talking . it was unbelievable , his father john goddard told msnbc . while sam 's speech remains slurred and slow , it allowed doctors and family to realise his brain had been functioning the whole time – and he had just been unable to express himself . on being able to speak again , he felt like shouting it from the rooftops , sam told rock center . that s the best part about the ambien , sally said . it shows what i believed was true – he was really in there . sam takes four doses of ambien a day , but it only lasts an hour or less . future : they still hope to marry . doctors continue to research the connection between strokes and ambien it is very difficult to comprehend the fact that i can talk now and in an hour or i won t be able to talk at all , sam told msnbc . it really sucks . doctors at the moss rehabilitation center in philadelphia , pennsylvania are now carrying out research into ambien s effectiveness in stroke patients progress . sally now cares for her husband to be full time , and is still certain she will walk down the aisle one day . a lot of people expected me to walk away , sally said . but they just didn t realise our connection isn t broken , it s stronger than anything i ve ever known before . i wouldn t be me without him . i d be heartbroken . see below for video visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy .:==:doctors believed sam goddard would be in permanent vegetative state after eight strokes . fiancée who stood by him discovered ambien had helped other sufferers .

last week , the new york times gave us an inside look at what it is like to work at foxconn , the manufacturing company that owns several china based factories that crank out apple 's ipads , iphones and ipods by the millions . the story is full of examples of horrifying working conditions in foxconn 's factories that would never fly here in the united states . here are some of the more troubling ones from the times story : foxconn is a 24 hour operation . employees work six days a week , sometimes in 12 hour shifts . they are on their feet for so long that their legs begin to swell . there are underage workers . they live in crowded dorms on the factory 's campus . in recent years , there have been reports of workers leaping from buildings in apparent suicides . and so on the story even describes the gruesome death of one foxconn worker after an explosion in a facility that made ipads in chengdu , china . the worker 's skin was almost completely burned away by the blast , the times reports . he died a few days later with his family by his side . foxconn denies the reports that working conditions are like what the times describes . apple refuses to comment on the record , but a leaked e mail from ceo tim cook to all apple employees says the company is committed to worker safety and that it takes all those claims very seriously . so knowing all that , should we be concerned about where our iphones and other gadgets come from and how they are made ? or is the human cost so far removed from us here in the united states that we are willing to look over it in favor of whatever fancy new touchscreen gadget apple releases next ? the issue even has some people throwing around the idea of a boycott . one effort , hosted on the website change . org , has collected more than 145,000 signatures from people calling on apple to better protect its workers . while those efforts sound noble , there is no way boycotting apple gadgets will actually work . let us start with why people keep snapping up apple 's iphones and ipads by the millions each week in the first place . when it comes to smartphones and tablets , apple still makes the best there are . with the iphone and the ipad , the company set a new standard that other tech giants such as google and microsoft are still struggling to imitate . apple cannot make them fast enough . on launch days , people queue up in massive lines so they can be one of the first to get a new iphone or ipad . even if consumers do know about what it took to make their new gadget , as many likely do thanks to the widespread reports on working conditions overseas , it is obviously not enough to keep them from getting caught up in the fervor of an apple product launch . i cannot see that ending just because of a new story in the new york times or a proposed boycott . but it is not just about the massive popularity of apple 's gadgets that keep people buying . it is the price . the latest and greatest iphone model , the 4 s , costs $199 . ipads start at $499 . one of the biggest reasons apple can sell its stuff at such low prices is because they are produced on the cheap in china , sometimes by sacrificing good working conditions to make it happen . if you believe the reports . those cheap production costs are why a lot of the anger comes from the fact that apple is a massively profitable company . right now it has almost $100 billion sitting in the bank . it could use some of that cash to put more pressure on foxconn and others to improve working conditions overseas . a successful boycott could force apple to make those changes , but consumers will have to sacrifice something , too . in a poll from the times that ran with its foxconn story last week , most consumers thought companies such as apple should make products in the u.s. but still absorb the added manufacturing costs . in other words , consumers do not want to pay more for iphones and ipads than they already do just to ensure factory workers get better working conditions . it is all about money . so even if apple moved production to the u.s. or managed to heavily invest in china and improve working conditions there , it would likely result in higher prices for consumers . for a profit driven company such as apple , there is almost no chance it would want to absorb those costs itself . yes , a lot of the heat on this issue has been put on apple . but keep in mind it is not alone . foxconn and similar manufacturers in asia make gadgets for several other major consumer brands . it is not like suddenly switching from the iphone to another smartphone will improve the lives of those who make it you may feel guilty buying an apple product , but the problem will not be fixed until all electronics makers change , too . in the end , consumers would be the ones who have to pay to make working conditions better for the people who make your iphone . and it seems unlikely there are enough of you out there willing to do that . the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of steve kovach . copyright © 2011 business insider .:==:some people are considering a boycott of apple over conditions in chinese factories . a recent new york times story she would some light on horrifying working conditions there . poll suggests consumers may not pay higher prices for apple products made in u.s.

sunday marks louis van gaal 's first real test since he took over as the manager of manchester united . in the absence of champions league football , he has avoided meeting any of the leading european clubs . and incredibly , given united 's poor start to the season , they have not played any of last season 's top four in the premier league yet . of course , that is all about to change with sunday 's game against chelsea , the derby at manchester city next month and a visit to arsenal in four weeks . by then we will know if the small signs of improvement recently at united are genuine . although they are looking better offensively than last season , it is not the united of old yet . you used to fear that red tide of players coming at you at old trafford and i have not seen that under van gaal . videos scroll down to watch manchester united 's daley blind celebrates scoring a late equaliser against west brom chelsea players including filipe luis , didier drogba and oscar celebrate the ivorian 's goal against maribor radamel falcao is still finding his feet at united after joining on loan from monaco in the summer plenty has been said about cesc fabregas 's passing but there is a part of his game that has been overlooked and which is just as important to chelsea . that is the runs he makes for his team mates on the overlap to get beyond the player in possession and provide an option in a position which hurts the opposition . he will go round the outside of his team mate , bursting a gut to do it , and create a chance just by the timing of his run . some players can do that 12 times in a game and never affect it but he can smell the opportunities in the final third , when it is right to go and better to stay . he reads the situation so well , his timing is perfect and he knows when it is going to hurt . on at least five occasions this season i ve seen him do it to create a goal . fabregas might have signed for united last year . today may be the day they regret missing out on him . he has the players to do it even with wayne rooney suspended , there is robin van persie , radamel falcao , juan mata , angel di maria and adnan januzaj with marouane fellaini coming into contention after his goal and performance in the second half at west brom . but so far they have not been as aggressive or ruthless as sir alex ferguson 's teams . that is what i am waiting to see from them today . given united do not really have the players to be cautious , it would not surprise me if van gaal goes with a diamond formation , with two up front , so he can get van persie , falcao , di maria and mata into the team . with diego costa very doubtful and loic remy injured , chelsea may have to start with didier drogba or andre schurrle up front , and if they do , this is united 's opportunity to take the game to chelsea . sunday will give us a good idea just how good this united team can be , because chelsea have a back four and a midfield that can soak up pressure , deal with crosses and cope with neat football being played in front of them . when you look at jose mourinho 's record away from home in big games , he often likes to counter attack . if costa and remy are out , that will make him more inclined to play that way . and with a five point lead , he can afford to play it cagey and look to break on united . eden hazard , pictured in action against maribor , could be key to chelsea 's counter attacking style jose mourinho and louis van gaal will go head to head at old trafford on sunday afternoon marcos rojo , pictured tussling with saido berahino , will need to be at the top of his game united 's achilles heel is obviously their defence . should drogba play , even at the age of 36 , you could imagine him bullying their centre halves , especially phil jones . but jones cannot allow that to happen . at 22 years of age , he is no longer an inexperienced player and he must dominate a centre forward , even someone like drogba . if van gaal chooses the diamond formation , united will have to be extremely co ordinated behind the front two to defend , especially given the width chelsea could have in eden hazard , schurrle — if he is playing wide — or willian . at the moment with united , you feel 75 per cent of their game is focused on how to play well going forward . with the defence it feels as though it is a case of : we ll play a back four and hope they can cope with it in between games , van gaal will obviously be working hard to remedy that and drilling their defensive shape . but mourinho 's teams are the masters at exploiting space on the break and with oscar , hazard and cesc fabregas they have the ideal players to do that . juan mata , pictured in action against qpr , looks set to start in the absence of the suspended wayne rooney ex chelsea midfielder mata will have a point to prove against his former boss jose mourinho mata pumps his fist after scoring in united 's 4 to 0 win against qpr at old trafford in september daley blind has a key job to do in shielding the defence . he is a lovely distributor of the ball , he keeps his passing very simple but he has a screening job to do , too . but di maria , ander herrera and mata have their part to play as well . the whole team will have to work as a unit and for mata , playing against the manager who sold him a year ago , it is an opportunity to prove a point . you would imagine that part of the reason why mourinho was willing to sell him was his weakness in contributing to defensive duties , so the spaniard will not lack motivation . there is a lot more to come from him . he is a talented player but so far he has not found the consistency he had at chelsea in his first two seasons . there are great performances in him but they have been few and far between at united . i am intrigued as to how it plays out . given the make up of the teams i am expecting goals rather than a tight game . when the two biggest personalities managing in the premier league collide , you would be right to expect something special . angel di maria will be looking to continue his fine start to life at old trafford against chelsea like our manchester united facebook page here .:==:premier league leaders chelsea take on manchester united on sunday . the red devils leaky defence is a big concern against diego costa and co but louis van gaal 's diamond formation could be exploited too . juan mata will want to get one over his former manager jose mourinho . there could be goals galore at old trafford given the make up of the teams .

this sydney luxury unit is a stunning city high rise but also a chilling crime scene . the liverpool street apartment where simon gittany threw his fiancée fifteen floors to her death is now up for sale . gittany was found guilty of murdering lisa cecilia harnum in one of the most high profile court cases in recent history . on july 30 2011 the former ballerina was thrown to her death from the 15 th storey apartment . her fiance , 40 year old gittany , claimed it was suicide and that he had tried to save her life . however , he was handed a 26 year prison sentence in november 2013 . the property where the chilling crime took place is now expected to fetch more than $2 million when it goes to auction on tuesday . the balcony is being used as one of the unit is key selling points . the sydney apartment where lisa harnum was thrown from the balcony to her death is going to auction lisa harnum was thrown to her death of the 15 th floor of her fiance simon gittany 's far right liverpool street apartment cctv footage in the lift captured the distressing moment gittany dragged his fiancée out of the lift by her neck . the horrific images show him pulling ms harnum back into the apartment with his hand clamped over her mouth to muffle her screams 69 seconds after dragging ms harnum out of the lift , she was thrown over the side of the building . gittany took a minute to put on a shirt and then took the lift downstairs . cctv footage captured these moments as he threw his hands in the air and ran them through his hair ms harnum plunged to her death on the corner of liverpool and elizabeth streets in sydney 's city , out the front of the complex the hyde the private covered balcony offers a superb entertaining area from which to enjoy the peaceful and unique outlook , the advert reads . the crime is not mentioned in the advertisement on the morton morton website . however , the property 's contract states : the vendor discloses a criminal homicide occurred from the balcony of the property in july 2011 when a previous tenant occupied the property . the real estate agent tolga ozer reportedly mentioned ms harnum 's death with one of the prospective buyers during an inspection on saturday , according to smh . i have to inform you of an incident that occurred in this apartment . a girl fell or was thrown and hit the floor , tolga ozer said according to smh . mr ozer was contacted for comment by daily mail australia . an image of the balcony which was tendered as evidence during the three week trial into ms harnum 's death the property where those chilling crime took place is now expected to fetch more than $2 million when it goes to auction on tuesday , with the balcony as one of the unit is key selling points on july 30 2011 the former ballerina was thrown to her death from the 15 th storey apartment . her fiance , 40 year old gittany , claimed it was suicide and that he had tried to save her life the property is given a glowing description , promising the ultimate luxurious lifestyle . prestige at the hyde watch the world go by in style , reads the advert the property is given a glowing description , promising the ultimate luxurious lifestyle . prestige at the hyde watch the world go by in style , reads the advert . the two bedroom apartment in the heart of the city is lauded for its stunning outlook above the tree tops of hyde park , st marys cathedral and beyond to dazzling sydney harbour . three couples and a man have inspected the apartment this weekend . apartment 1503 is described as being highly coveted . it towers over hyde park , on the corner of bustling elizabeth and liverpool streets in sydney 's city . the unit was last sold for $1.6 million in june 2010 . gittany rented the property until he was taken into custody . images of the property 's interior and the exterior have frequently been displayed by the media and in evidence tendered in court during the three week trial . gittany tried to claim that ms harnum committed suicide and he had been unable to save her in her final moments . the judge rejected this mr gittany claimed that when he pulled his fiancée back into the apartment she sat on the couch and he started to make tea in the kitchen far right to calm her down . he claimed lisa then leapt up and ran to the balcony mr gittany claimed that after the lift , he went to the kitchen to make tea for lisa . he maintains that she jumped up and ran to the balcony . he claimed she jumped to her death before he could save her . the court rejected him claims former tenant , 40 year old gittany , will spend at least 18 years in prison for ms harnum 's death , making him eligible for parole in 2033 . it was ruled that gittany became apoplectic with rage when his fiancée tried to leave him . she had a one way ticket booked to return to her family in canada and escape their controlling relationship . gittany found miss harnum had packed her bags and made enraged threats , according to judge lucy mccallum . i have no hesitation accepting evidence of…rage , said judge mccallum . 69 seconds before ms harnum toppled to her death she ran to the lift , trying to flee . cctv footage in the lift captured the distressing moment gittany dragged his fiancee out of the lift by her neck . the horrific images show him pulling ms harnum back into the apartment with his hand clamped over her mouth to muffle her screams . residents in the building told the court that they heard ms harnum banging on on a neighbour 's door , shouting : please help me , help me , god help me the agent point out the luxury apartments well appointed and stylish main bathroom , as well as internal laundry , ample storage and reverse cycle air con morton morton point out that resident 's have a 25 metre infinity pool , gymnasium , spa and sauna the court accepted the prosecution 's version of events , in which gittany rendered ms harnum unconscious in the apartment after dragging her in from the lift . he then threw her off the balcony to her death the court accepted the prosecution 's version of events , in which gittany rendered ms harnum unconscious in the apartment after dragging her in from the lift . he then threw her off the balcony to her death . gittany , pleaded not guilty to murdering miss harnum , claiming he was trying to save her from suicide . he had told the court he had tried to grab her when she climbed onto the balcony but had failed to stop her falling . the judge did not believe gittany 's account of how miss harnum fell to her death , ruling that she found him unconvincing . she said miss harnum could not have behaved in the way gittany said she had clambering onto the balcony without leaving fingerprints . she said it was likely that miss harnum was rendered unconscious before she plunged to her death . the property will go to auction at 6 pm on tuesday evening . the real estate agents say : wouldefined by its prized location and uninterrupted panoramic views , this luxury residence at the hyde offers a fantastic opportunity to invest in the elite hyde park precinct .:==:the inner city sydney apartment where lisa harnum plunged to her death in july 2011 is now for sale . simon gittany was found guilty of murder after throwing his fiancée over the edge of the balcony at his unit . the property is now expected to fetch more than $2 million at auction on tuesday night . the website does not point out that the crime took place in the unit but offers the balcony as a key selling point . however , the contract does point out : the vendor discloses a criminal homicide occurred from the balcony of the property in july 2011 when a previous tenant occupied the property .

a 70 year old security guard who risked his own life to stop a schoolwide stabbing spree earlier this year , saving the lives of countless students in the process , has been fired by the school district for being too old . john resetar , who is employed by capital asset protection inc . a pittsburgh area company contracted to provide security to the franklin regional school district , got the shock of his life on august 4 when he found out his job was being terminated and his services were no longer needed this school year . resetar got the news in a letter from jeffrey dahlke , capital asset 's regional security operations manager , which read : franklin regional and capital came to the conclusion that . it is best . to relieve you of your duties at the school . john resetar was stabbed in the chest while holding down a teen on a schoolwide slashing spree what really u.s.t me , more than anything , resetar told kdka , is that nobody would sit down and talk to me and tell me to my face . you know , i had to get a letter that was three weeks before school . the way i was let go , i didn t think it was fair , for what i did for the school . tim dawson , resetar 's lawyer , says they plan to file a lawsuit . despite what the letter states , the school district said resetar 's termination was unexpected . we had communication with the company and are trying to get more information , but it was not really in our realm of control , said mary katherine reljac , an assistant superintendent with the district . she said the school was surprised to be mentioned in the letter . last april , resetar became a national hero overnight when he helped to apprehend alex hribal at franklin regional high school after the teenage suspect allegedly stabbed 20 students with a pair of 8 inch kitchen knives . in the process , the unarmed guard was knifed in the chest . alex hribal , who allegedly stabbed 21 people , wrote a note boasting of his planned kill spree , investigators said the entire attack unfolded in less than five minutes , as hribal allegedly ran wildly down the school 's hallway , slashing away with knives . he was stabbed on a wednesday and he returned to work the following monday , after having a stab wound an inch below his heart , resetar 's lawyer dawson said . he s a young 70 , he was a linebacker and he can certainly still perform his job , he added . resetar worked in the school for nine years before he was told via certified mail that he was being dismissed . now , the man who saved the lives of countless students , is unemployed . in june , hribal , who is being tried as an adult , waived his right to a preliminary trial . his lawyer , patrick thomassey , plans to ask a judge to move the case to juvenile court , where hribal would face incarceration or probation only until he is 21 . capital asset protection has yet to comment .:==:john resetar stopped alleged stabber alix hribal after he had slashed 20 students at his high school . the 70 year old returned to work just days after he was stabbed on the job . the security guard was fired by certified letter just weeks before the new school year .

clubbers are being warned of the risk of overdosing on super strength ecstasy , as tests reveal the drug 's purity is at its highest level for ten years . tests carried out on drugs which were seized during the summer show a huge rise in the amount of mdma contained in the party drug . in one case , the government warned one batch had been tested to have about two and a half times the standard mdma dose the active ingredient in ecstasy per pill . tests carried out on drugs which were seized this summer show the purity of ecstasy is at its highest level for ten years stock image it comes after the number of deaths caused by ecstasy soared from eight in 2010 up to 43 in 2013 , according to the office for national statistics . the perceived rise in purity has prompted the warehouse project in manchester , one of the biggest clubs in the country , to warn revellers about the dangers of increased purity before they visit the venue . sacha lord , director of whp , said the concern was that those who are used to taking two or three tablets of a lower purity will continue to do so , potentially sparking fatal consequences . while the club says it does not condone drug taking , it has started warning about very high purity drugs in circulation on its twitter feed . nick bonnie , 30 , died after unknowingly taking almost 15 times the recreational dose of mdma before visiting the warehouse project , manchester mr lord told the guardian : i would much rather warn people that the quality is that high and that it could because all these issues if you take too much . fiona measham , professor of criminology at durham university , who regularly tests drugs , says the average ecstasy tablet now contains 100 mg of mdma . in 2009 the average ecstasy pill contained just 2030 mg . an acceptable dose for an average sized adult during one drug taking session is 7075 mg , she says . ms measham said the increased purity of ecstasy was probably due to manufacturers developing new ways to synthesise the drug . last year , whp started warning customers of the dangers of pma , a potentially lethal drug often sold under the banner of mdma . though no clubbers have been taken to hospital since the start of the season in september , about four of the 2,000 punters who attend each night end up being treated by on site paramedics , mostly for drug related issues . in an inquest earlier this month , the court heard how prince 's trust worker nick bonnie , 30 , died from ecstasy and cocaine poisoning . he unknowingly took almost 15 times the recreational dose of mdma before entering the club , the coroner ruled . tests showed a concentration of 4.42 mg of mdma in his blood . typical recreational use normally measuring just 0.3 mg . anne marie cockburn has called for a change to uk drug policy , after her daughter martha fernback died from taking a ecstasy tablet which was 91 per cent pure . the average is around 58 per cent earlier this year , anne marie cockburn , the mother of 15 year old martha fernback , who died in 2013 , called for drugs to be legalised . martha , from oxford , had consumed a dose which was 91 per cent pure . the average street purity is 58 per cent . speaking after the inquest into her daughter 's death , miss cockburn said : we need strict and responsible regulation . the warehouse project in manchester has started warning clubbers about the increased purity of ecstasy tablets i m not a radical person , this has been well considered and thought out . if we had that , martha would have been able to make an informed decision . martha wanted to get high , she did not want to die no parent wants either , but one of those is preferable to the other . oxfordshire coroner darren salter recorded a conclusion of accidental death at the inquest at county hall in oxford . he said : it is a terrible loss and i think we can only say that it may at least serve as a warning to young people who may take , or think of taking , ecstasy or mdma . what is clear is that there is no way of knowing what it is made up of or what the purity level is so , as i say , this is a very stark warning of what can happen .:==:tests over the summer show purity of ecstasy is at its highest for ten years . in one batch , amount of mdma was two and a half times the standard dose . deaths caused by the party drug have risen from eight in 2010 to 43 in 2013 . manchester club warehouse project is warning revellers about high purity .

flash flooding ravaged areas around afghanistan 's capital , killing more than 70 people and destroying dozens of houses , a local leader said saturday . additionally , president hamid karzai 's office said in a news release that seven others were killed in eastern nuristan and khost provinces due to floods . the worst hit area appears to have been the sorubi district , located in kabul province . fast moving waters washed away small villages in this area , according to community leader malek samad . the water destroyed a hospital and its ambulance , many shops and vehicles , not to mention wiping out hundreds of cattle . so far , we have been able to find the dead bodies of 13 people from the kabul river that passes through the area , samad said . and we are sure that the rest are all dead .:==:more than 70 people in a district east of kabul die , local leader says . fast moving waters wipe away villages and destroy homes . other villagers lost in nuristan and khost provinces , government says .

the seattle city council voted unanimously monday to replace columbus day with indigenous peoples day in the city , abc news reports . many gathered at the seattle city hall building to hear the council 's decision . the resolution will celebrate the culture and contributions of seattle 's native american and indigenous community on the second monday in october the same day as the federally recognized columbus day , fox news reports . the native american community in seattle views this decision as a progressive step , however , not everyone is happy about the council 's decision . unanimous : the seattle city council voted unanimously monday to replace columbus day with indigenous peoples day in the city the associated press reports that several italian americans claim the council 's decision to celebrate indigenous day disregards the italian heritage of many . k5 reports that the native american protesters said , at a public meeting following the council 's decision , that they are not against all italians , just this one , referring to the italian explorer christopher columbus who is said to have discovered and landed in the americas oct . 12 , 1492 . columbus day is not a legal state holiday in washington . lisa marchese , of the order of sons of italy , said that the council 's decision tells the italian american community that the city no longer deems italian heritage worthy of recognition . ralph fascitelli , an italian american living in seattle spoke outside of the council 's meeting , according to ap , saying that the italian american community in seattle has no issue with the idea of the new holiday . rather the community has an issue with the fact that the holiday comes at the expense of another holiday , one which celebrates italian heritage . children : one native american woman said that celebrating the man who is responsible for the slaughter of millions of native people internalizes genocide in our children this is a big insult to those of us of italian heritage . we feel disrespected , fascitelli said . erica would not be america without christopher columbus . during public comment at the meeting , one italian american man asked the question but why the second monday in october ? fawn sharp , president of the quinault indian nation on the olympic peninsula , got a round of applause at the meeting when she said nobody discovered seattle , washington . this action will allow us to bring into current present day our valuable and rich history , and it is there for future generations to learn , sharp continued . one native american woman said that celebrating the man who is responsible for the slaughter of millions of native people internalizes genocide in our children . change : minneapolis designated to replace columbus day with indigenous peoples day , south dakota also recognizes the community by celebrating native american day it makes them ashamed to be who they are , the woman said outside of the meeting . i personally felt it myself growing up and it is just time to change it so that can be proud of themselves and not honor a man that murdered their family . ap reports that seattle mayor ed murray is expected to sign the resolution oct . 13 . council member nick licata , an italian american , said that he does not view the council 's decision as taking something away , he views it as a way to allow everyone to celebrate a new day where everyone 's strength is recognized . council member bruce harrell said the council is celebrating the triumph of the indigenous people . we re going to all celebrate , because we are celebrating that spirit that we all have in common , harrell said at the meeting . seattle is not the only city recognizing the rich history of its native american and indigenous community . earlier this year , abc news reports , minneapolis replaced columbus day with indigenous peoples day . south dakota also recognizes the community by celebrating native american day .:==:seattle italian americans are insulted by the seattle city council 's decision to hold indigenous peoples day on the same day as the federally recognized columbus day . native american protesters say they are not against all italians , just columbus . native protester : columbus day internalizes genocide in our children . italian protester : but why the second monday in october ? .

google 's rearguard battle to keep people interested in its facebook rival google plus continues with a $100 m purchase of social sharing site meebo . meebo 's chat toolbar allows for easy sharing of social links and crucially , advertising , which is where google makes its money from its adwords search engine . we are always looking for better ways to help users share content and connect with others across the web , just as they do in real life , a google spokesperson said . meebo 's chat toolbar allows for easy sharing of social links and crucially , advertising , which is where google makes its money from its adwords search engine google plus has so far failed to reach the huge numbers of rival facebook , and has been dogged by reports that even its signed up users rarely use the service meebo works as a chat and sharing toolbar which let us users chat as they browse the web . the meebo service is also available as an app . california based meebo provides software that let us users share pages on social networking sites , including facebook , allowing publishers and advertisers to promote products in interactive ways . he world 's biggest search engine , google inc , will buy meebo inc , a startup that helps online publishers connect their websites with social network sites , meebo said on its blog . last month , technology blog all things digital reported that google was in talks to buy meebo in a deal worth about $100 million . we look forward to closing the transaction and working with the meebo team to create more ways for users to engage online . meebo , founded in 2005 , says it reaches half of the u.s. internet population , allowing users to build their own web experiences around the things that interest them the most .:==:$100 m purchase of chat toolbar site . meebo allows for easy chat and social sharing with built in adverts .

it is a trip that would make demi moore and ashton kutcher blush . on friday , the carnival cruise ship elation , sponsored by the world 's largest nonprofit singles travel group , will make history by hosting the world 's first international cougar cruise , and we do not mean the animal . defined by the urban dictionary , a cougar is an older woman who frequents clubs in order to score with a much younger man . it can be anyone from an overly surgically altered wind tunnel victim , to an absolute sad and bloated old horn meister . a cougar is generally known as a woman over 40 who likes to date younger men , but theoretically any woman who dates younger men is a cougar , said rich gosse , who came up with the cougar cruise idea . the ship , which sets sail from san diego , california , to ensenada , mexico , for three nights , is booked for 300 guests and even has a waiting list . the ship has three swimming pools , a seven deck high atrium , bar and grill , a moroccan inspired casablanca casino and a lounge that features stage shows , according to ann thomas , owner of the singles travel company and organizer of the cougar cruise . after making port in ensenada , the cruise offers extracurricular activities like horseback riding , atving and other outdoor excursions . there is at least four or five options a day for people to get together on the cruise . we are doing lots of activities dancing , dining , jacuzzi parties , karaoke for two hours . and starting at $125 a ticket , it is a great price , thomas said . i ve had to hire two more people part time just to pick up the phones , she said . i ve never seen a response quite like this . thomas admits that she was hesitant to sign on to the idea but is glad she did . we have people flying in from italy and denmark . my associates have been booking from france , canada . it is fascinating , thomas said . gosse , who has been hosting singles events for more than 30 years , said he got the idea after hosting a cougar convention in palo alto , california . we had to turn away hundreds of people , gosse said . then we did one in beverly hills and had a massive crowd down there , so i thought , maybe we should do a cougar cruise . i did not think anyone would want to go needless to say , the phone is ringing off the hook . these cougars may as well be an endangered species compared with those hunting them on this cruise . the basic problem is , we have is too many cubs , gosse said . we usually have too many women and not enough guys , but there is been a paradigm shift in recent years , so now the cubs are more excited about it than the cougars . a cub is someone in their 20 s or early 30 s who likes to date older women , according to gosse . for years , he says , it is been socially acceptable for older men to date younger women . but in recent years , a phenomenon sparked by celebrities like kutcher , baseball player alex rodriguez who is said to have dated pop star madonna and others has led a new generation of younger men on the prowl for more experienced partners . there is even an abc sitcom called cougar town that glamorizes the sexual escapades of a 40 something divorcee on a search for self discovery by dating younger men . tim robbins susan sarandon was the first high profile cougar cub relationship , gosse said of the actors , who have been together since the late 1980 s . now we are seeing a paradigm shift where these younger guys are actively looking for older women . if you look at the demographics , the only logical way for people to get their needs met is for younger men to date older women , he said . according to the u.s. census bureau , for every 100 single women in their 20 s in america , there are 118 single men in their 20 s . the reason , gosse said , is that young women are dating older guys . when you are single , you always wish the person meets someone they want to be with . if this is something they want , then i wish them well , thomas said .:==:cruise for women who date younger men sets sail on carnival cruise ship elation . the event is fully booked at 300 travelers , organizers say . cruise is one of many symbols of burgeoning cougar movement .

the artificially chilled halls of the u.s. capitol this week are a sort of an out of body experience . thoughts of the month long august break from washington permeate nearly every encounter and phone call . it is as if lawmakers have been strapped to their desks for months . but a cnn analysis shows congress has spent less time on capitol hill so far this year than in any of the previous five years . house members have been in washington for 56 of all non holiday weekdays essentially , fewer than three days a week . senators have walked into the capitol for 61 of weekdays . the weeks are not just shorter , but consistently so the senate did not have a single five day work week in washington for the first seven months of the year . the house had two . boehner juggles assault on obamacare , avoiding shutdown cnn counted days that lawmakers were in washington excluding pro forma sessions , which are technically considered work days but last only a few minutes and are usually ignored by members . the number of congressional work days now is significantly less than the high point of 2009 . that is when the senate met for 113 days before the august recess , which is 24 days more than the same period this year . the house met for 19 more days in 2009 compared to this year . at that time , barack obama was just beginning his presidency and democrats led both chambers and pushed an aggressive agenda . the time spent by members in washington dropped sharply the following year and has decreased nearly every year since with each party controlling one house and partisanship defining the political climate . cnn money : congress oks cheaper student loans so congress is definitely in washington less . but there is a debate over how much that matters . longtime congressman lee hamilton takes one view . strongly . they do not spend enough time in washington , he said , frustrated , they do not get to know each other . when they do interact , they are often in confrontational settings . legislation is a very complex process . it takes a lot of time , a lot of give and take and you cannot force it hamilton , a democrat who served in the house from 1965 to 1999 , now runs the center on congress at indiana university . he believes the shorter window in washington squeezes out the heavy lifting of lawmaking and that a lawmaker 's hours in the capitol are filled with meet and greets , fundraisers and receptions instead of legislative work . it got to the point when i was there , hamilton recalled , that i had 15 appointments on tuesdays . you cannot get legislating done in that environment . but others question whether more time in washington would change anything . i cannot imagine that they would be anymore productive if they were here more , said mike tanner , senior fellow at the libertarian leaning cato institute . it is not like they do a lot when they are here . tanner stresses that most major legislation is currently worked out behind closed doors by a few leaders and members of each chamber . while some in congress , like rep . scott rigell , are virginia , want to cancel august recess and force a work session , tanner thinks such a move would achieve nothing . sitting here in august while the leadership meets behind closed doors would not do much , he concluded . gamesmanship intensifies as congress approaches august recess members of congress themselves seem divided . the real problem is that when we are here , we are not doing anything , said rep . earl blumenauer , d oregon . you are actually better off back home because you can work with people , you can deal with the folks you represent , deal with their questions and gather more information . for when people decide when we are going to get back to work . but fellow democrat rep . brad schneider , d illinois , when asked if congress needs to be in washington more replied , yeah , i think it is important we address the challenges we face as a country . the reason i came here was to tackle those challenges . conservatives like tanner are happy for congress to stay out of town , theorizing that a better government is one that does less . the office of house majority leader eric cantor , are virginia , which schedules the calendar in that chamber , defended the time away from washington . it is critical for members to have district work periods to hear from their constituents on a variety of matters , said cantor spokeswoman megan whittemore , including chronic unemployment , the next steps toward addressing immigration and our debt crisis . whittemore stressed that the house has been active , passing legislation on student loans , job training , the keystone pipeline , cybersecurity and other measures . the office of senate majority leader harry reid did not respond to cnn 's questions about that chamber 's schedule . whatever votes either chamber has taken , neither has found time to fully deal with two looming fiscal crises . treasury secretary jack lew has indicated the nation could hit its borrowing limit as soon as labor day . and funding for much of the federal government is due to run out on september 30 , raising the possibility of a government shutdown without a resolution . as congress leaves for august recess , most funding bills remain in limbo and there is no outline or even talks over how to address the borrowing limit , or debt ceiling . cnnmoney : debt ceiling awaits some say that when members return in september , the logistics of the calendar will make things harder . the schedule is very poorly arranged to get things done , said bill galston , chair of the brookings institution 's governance studies program . it is a series of starts and stops , punctuated by flights to and from fundraisers and their districts . galston and a bipartisan organization he works with called no labels would rather see congress stay in town for three consecutive weeks and then recess for a full week . that is similar to what house republicans initially planned when they took over the chamber two weeks in washington and one week at home . instead , though , the 2013 house calendar is dotted with small clusters of time and , as cnn found , a rate of being in town of 56 percent . that is the average , for long spans of time it can be less . in january , for example , the house was in the capital just seven days . the senate 10 . king hammers away at paul in gop infighting .:==:cnn analysis shows congress has been in washington less this year than anytime in at least five years . the house has averaged fewer than three days a week in town . the senate has met 24 days less than the same period in 2009 . experts debate whether more time in washington would produce better decisions .

a mother has told how her daughter was left unconscious after a hospital issued medicine that was incorrectly labelled . three year old ruby plummer was diagnosed with epilepsy last march , a condition which affects the brain and causes seizures . the youngster was prescribed buccal midazolam , a muscle relaxant which is rubbed into the gums and used to treat prolonged attacks lasting five minutes or more . ruby plummer pictured with mother helen and the mislabelled medicine bottle which caused her to take 20 times more than the correct dose of medicine however her mother helen , 29 , claims the bottle she was given at james cook university hospital , in middlesbrough , teesside , recommended 2.5 ml doses instead of 0.25 ml . and on one occasion she was told to double the measure because it had taken so long for ruby to recover from a seizure meaning she gave her daughter a dose 20 times higher than the recommended amount . as a result , ruby lost consciousness and her family feared the worst . mrs plummer , from marske , cleveland , said : her lips went blue and we thought we had lost her . she deteriorated drastically and stopped breathing and went blue . she vomited and was choking . it was horrendous . she was in hospital for the whole night . the doctors did not notice that she had been given too much . it was me that noticed . i m angry and annoyed . i feel let down . nhs guidelines suggest that children aged six months to 12 months , should be given a 0.25 ml dose of buccal midazolam , while those aged one to four should be prescribed 0.5 ml . as a precaution , each time mrs plummer uses the medication with her daughter she returns to hospital for a check up but she claims that during visits medics never questioned the dose she was administering and it was only when her daughter lost consciousness that it was clear something was wrong . she added : when i looked at it i thought that s a lot but i thought the doctor was right . i have not been to medical school . since the incident mrs plummer who is married to john , 24 , and has a son liam , seven months , has issued a complaint . south tees hospitals nhs foundation trust confirmed they are investigating the case and have apologised to the family . a spokesperson said : we are very sorry for any distress and anxiety that ruby 's family have experienced . we take every complaint we receive very seriously and are currently carrying out our own investigation into this case which is ongoing and , as such , it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage . according to the electronic medicines compendium database , midazolam overdoses should not present a threat to life unless the patient has pre existing respiratory or cardiac problems and it is combined with other central nervous system depressants . the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency said as it is a fairly new medication , it is regularly being monitored .:==:ruby plummer prescribed with mislabelled medicine . mother administers dose 20 times higher than recommended . three year old loses consciousness .

wannabe jetsetters can now hail a private plane anywhere in the world from their smartphones thanks to an app that makes luxury air travel more accessible , at least to those who can afford the £4,500 $7,000 membership . jetsmarter , the brain child of sergey petrossov , 26 , allows users to hire a jet in a matter of seconds . our goal as a company is to democratise private aviation , he told reuters in zurich , where the company will open a european office in 2015 . jetsmarter allows users to book a private jet from wherever they are in the world but it will not come cheap launched in march last year , the app has been downloaded over 300,000 times and facilitated more than 1,000 flights so far in 2014 . while the average ticket costs around £12,750 $20,000 , those who become members for £4,500 $7,000 a year can get free or discounted thempty legs flights , which travel empty when a plane returns to its home base after dropping off passengers , the average jetsmarter member is tech savvy , aged between 25 and 50 and earns at least £650,000 $1 million a year , according to petrossov . the app is easy to use : you pick and customise your jet , then click book , pay , and you are away the average jetsmarter member is tech savvy , aged between 25 and 50 and earns at least £650,000 a year a list celebrities , royalty and sheikhs are among its users . some of the most popular routes include the golden triangle between miami , new york and los angeles . but almost anything is possible . jetsmarter once received a request to transport a tonne of gold between south america and europe . speaking to bloomberg tv earlier this year , petrossov said : jetsmarter is an app that you can go on and access the entire inventory of private aircraft around the world . the app has been downloaded over 300,000 times and facilitated more than 1,000 flights so far this year there are more than 3,000 aeroplanes on our app it is literally as easy as putting in your itinerary , you pick the exact aircraft that you want , you see real photographs all amenities , insurance information and safety history . you press book , put in your credit card , it is all cashless , paperless , people say wow , they cannot believe you can book a private jet through an app . the airplanes detailed in the app are controlled by vendors , which jetsmarter connect to via gps to work out scheduling .:==:sergey petrossov 's jetsmarter app allows users to hire a jet in seconds . launched in march 2013 , the app has been downloaded over 300,000 times . membership cost of £4,500 gives users discounts and other benefits .

andrew hewes , pictured , got a buzz out of removing his trousers and underwear before driving alongside the girls , a court heard a scuba diving instructor has been jailed after repeatedly driving past schoolgirls while naked from the waist down . andrew hewes , 51 , got a buzz out of removing his trousers and underwear before driving alongside the girls , a court heard . he was reported by four victims , who cannot be named for legal reasons , after they became aware of his car a rover with a large car sticker promoting a diving school . wakefield and pontefract magistrates court heard how hewes passed them at least four times while they were walking in pontefract , west yorkshire , in december last year . after originally denying outraging public decency , hewes was convicted following a trial , and was jailed for 24 weeks . dan smith , mitigating , said his client had no relevant previous convictions , had been married for 32 years and had worked in the navy , the home office and as an engineer . he was also a volunteer diving instructor . mr smith said : “his sense of guilt is overwhelming . he knew he was in the wrong . he knew there was a possibility he could be seen . he is sorry to the girls . perhaps they can take some confidence from the point he has accepted his responsibility . scuba diving instructor andrew hewes , pictured , has been jailed after repeatedly driving past schoolgirls while naked from the waist down he now has to face his family , friends and employer and the stigma of the offence . district judge adrian lower , referring to hewes interview with a probation officer , said : you decided to stop , pull down your underwear and trousers and got back in your car and drove further . you described to the probation officer how this gave you a buzz . there was clearly an element of planning in what you did . the office has obvious sexual overtones and motivation behind it the judge said : the four girls who saw what you did in december last year had to relive that experience by giving evidence at trial . after originally denying outraging public decency , andrew hewes , left , was convicted following a trial , and was jailed for 24 weeks “the punishment is going to be greater than if you had pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity . he said he had a duty to protect the public and to send out a strong message by a fitting punishment of custody . mr lower added : i can t suspend it it was a serious matter involving four members of the public of school age . there was repetition and planning . after sentence mr smith lodged a notice of appeal against sentence but judge lewer said hewes would remain in custody pending an appeal at leeds crown court .:==:andrew hewes got a buzz out of removing underwear , a court is told . scuba diving instructor then drove past girls in pontefract , west yorkshire . four victims reported him after recognising car with diving school sticker . the 51 year old was found guilty of public indecency and jailed for 24 weeks .

a mother of two who lost her memory after a brutal eight hour attack at the hands of her boyfriend has brought him to justice after she was hypnotised into remembering the assault . zoe dronfield , 38 , from coventry , west midlands , was stabbed in the neck by her estranged boyfriend jason smith , 31 , who then stamped on her head , leaving her with horrific injuries . she passed out and did not remember the attack at all until she was hypnotised into reliving the traumatic ordeal to give evidence . zoe dronfield , 38 , from coventry , west midlands was stabbed in the neck by her on off boyfriend jason smith , 31 , who then stamped on her head , leaving her with horrific injuries smith was found guilty of gbh with intent last month at warwick crown court and is now awaiting sentence . ms dronfield suffered a cracked cheekbone , a bleed on the brain from her head being stamped on and a stab wound on her neck , just 1 cm from her jugular vein . she said : after the attack i was a she will of my former self and i ve never been so low in my life . many women take their own lives after such events but i had to find a way to fight through it and that is why i wanted to get hypnotherapy to build me back up mentally and fill in the blanks . i could not remember anything but thanks to the hypnotherapy i have been able to put my life back together and come back fighting . ms dronfield worked with cognitive behavioural hypnotherapist david kilmurry a month after her ordeal , and through their sessions was able to piece together what happened on the night she was attacked and bring smith to justice . she said : i was able to give evidence in court against jason all thanks to the hypnotherapy i would not have been able to do that without david 's help . ms dronfield suffered a cracked cheekbone , a bleed on the brain from her head being stamped on and a stab wound on her neck , just 1 cm from her jugular vein she passed out and did not remember the attack at all until she was hypnotised into reliving the traumatic ordeal to give evidence both of her arms were cut in the attack . smith was found guilty of gbh with intent last month at warwick crown court and is now awaiting sentence i want to show other women they can do the same , we do not have to let abusers win . ms dronfield had been in a relationship with smith for a year and he showered her with gifts and meals out at expensive restaurants . but when he became increasingly controlling she decided to have time out from the relationship . it was during this separation that the couple met on february 2 2014 , before smith brutally attacked her while she slept . she said : my bedroom was covered in blood and the bed was sodden . it was like a scene from a horror film . jason had never previously showed any signs of being a violent man quite the opposite in fact he made me feel like the most precious person in the world . he would call me his soul mate and his princess and even said he was my protector . it is shocking i was with this man and not aware of this capability . she said the pair met through facebook : he added me on facebook and we had about 100 mutual friends so i assumed i knew him . we got chatting online and he came across as a very professional car salesman and a family man . he showered me with compliments and offered to take me out . the couple pictured in happier times . ms dronfield had been in a relationship with smith for a year and he showered her with gifts and meals out at expensive restaurants but when he became increasingly controlling she decided to have time out from the relationship . it was during this separation that the couple met on february 2 2014 , before smith brutally attacked her we started dating and he would take me to posh restaurants and top hotels . he held doors open and called me his princess . i was very flattered of course . i did not realise coming on so strongly so early was a red flag . it was after her father became seriously ill that jason 's behaviour started to change . she said : my dad would help me a lot with my children and jason stepped in to help out . he was amazing and would look after the children for me when i worked . but i realise now this was a way of him controlling my life . at that point he was my saviour little did i know what destruction was around the corner . jason changed and would stop me from seeing my friends and always just make plans for the two of us she asked smith to move out so he could sort himself out before agreeing to meet a week later to talk things through . she said : we spent the night talking and eventually jason fell asleep on my sofa , and i went through to bed . the next thing i knew , i woke up covered in blood . ms dronfield zoe recovering in hospital . ms dronfield worked with cognitive behavioural hypnotherapist david kilmurry a month after her ordeal my first thought was i was not going to die because i needed to be there for my children . i grew up without a mother and i did not want that for my children . the whole house was covered in blood . the bedroom was red and the bed was sodden . the bath was filled with water and he was cleaning knives in the bath . there was an 8 inch knife and a meat cleaver . she said : with david 's help i have been able to put this whole terrible ordeal behind me seeing jason found guilty has given me closure and allowed me to move on with my life . mr kilmurry , 39 , a cognitive behavioral hypnotherapist , from coventry , said : zoe has made an amazing recovery from devastating physical and psychological injuries , to go to court and give evidence . hypnotherapy has been approved for use by the british medical association since 1955 and is also recognised by the national institute of clinical excellence . the form of therapy enables you to enlist the help of your conscious and unconscious subconscious mind to deal with a range of mental , emotional and physical conditions . for those who have experienced a traumatic experience practitioners will tend to use cognitive hypnotherapy or analytical hypnotherapy , which uses the unconscious mind . ms dronfield worked with cognitive behavioural hypnotherapist david kilmurry a month after her ordeal , and through their sessions was able to piece together what happened on the night she was attacked and bring smith to justice . their sessions involved regression and mr kilmurry said her progress was amazing . he said : wouldirectly after the event zoe had no recollection of what had happened to her . it was not until later on down the hypnotherapy line that the trust built up and she was confident enough to go to parts unknown we embarked on some regression to the event and the detail she remembered was quite amazing even in and out of unconsciousness . through their sessions was able to piece together what happened on the night she was attacked and bring smith to justice i have worked with zoe and i am proud to have helped her to retrieve her memory and rebuild her confidence following the trauma . i feel that her development has been quite amazing . her head injury was described as moderate to severe closed head . of the people that survive this type of injury 75 per cent never return to work . zoe has not only returned to work but has gone and got a better job and set up a charity and has been helping others less fortunate as herself . wouldirectly after the event zoe had no recollection of what had happened to her . it was not until later on down the hypnotherapy line that the trust built up and she was confident enough to go to parts unknown we embarked on some regression to the event and the detail she remembered was quite amazing even in and out of unconsciousness . jason smith , from coventry will be sentenced at coventry crown court next month .:==:zoe dronfield , 38 , was stabbed in the neck by her boyfriend jason smith . smith , 31 , then stamped on her head , leaving her with horrific injuries . she passed out and did not remember attack until she was hypnotised . smith has since been convicted on her evidence at warwick crown court . jason smith , from coventry , will be sentenced for the attack next month .

barack obama never really had a chance when dealing with issues of race in america . from the moment he ran for office , critics questioned whether he was black enough or an angry black man . as the first african american president of the united states , obama is supposed to prove america is post racial , be the president of all of america and show a special empathy for african americans , all while battling institutional racism but not calling it out . while these debates are largely philosophical and symbolic , the nationwide protests in the wake of the non indictments of police officers responsible for killing mike brown and eric garner have shown that race can no longer just be an academic subject for presidents and presidential contenders . the crowds marching across america protesting the ugly intersection of racism , law enforcement and economics are some of the largest , most diverse groups of protesters seen in american history . these issues are going to be laid at the doorstep of all serious 2016 contenders . so while many are grappling with the events of the last several months , we are left to wonder : where is hillary clinton ? we all know that , barring some bizarre unforeseen event , clinton is running for president in 2016 , and it is only a matter of time before she announces . she will not march smoothly to the nomination there are questions about how much she connects with the middle class , her muddled book rollout this spring and of course , for those who still care , benghazi . but the most serious problem for hillary 2016 is the perception that she is an overly cautious politician who is afraid to take tough stances on anything , especially those issues the democratic base might be passionate about . and nowhere is this more evident than in her almost utter silence on the recent protest marches across the nation . hillary clinton took almost 19 days before she said anything about the violence and rioting in ferguson , missouri , and that was after democrats and pundits called her out for her silence . at the time she said : imagine what we would feel and what we would do if white drivers were three times as likely to be searched by police during a traffic stop as black drivers instead of the other way around . if white offenders received prison sentences 10 longer than black offenders for the same crimes . if a third of all white men just look at this room and take one third went to prison during their lifetime . imagine that . that is the reality in the lives of so many of our fellow americans in so many of the communities in which they live . which was fine , at the time better late than never . mind you , she slipped these comments in at a tech conference where the majority of her comments would focus on other issues . clinton seemed to have learned her lesson after a new york grand jury did not indict officers in the killing of eric garner . she only waited two days to say something about the result : each of us has to grapple with some hard truths about race and justice in america , because despite all the progress we have made together , african americans , most particularly african american men , are still more likely to be stopped and searched by police , charged with crimes , and sentenced to long prison terms . but again , these comments were tagged onto a speech she was giving at a women 's conference in massachusetts and hardly echoed beyond the walls of the building where she was speaking . while republican 2016 contender rand paul can come right out and say police militarization is a problem and that the officer who killed garner should be fired , hillary clinton talks about restoring balance . while former president george w bush admits that he found the grand jury decision hard to understand , clinton is backing limited measures , including police body cameras , contained in obama 's executive actions resulting from the ferguson controversy . while obama is sitting down to do a serious interview about race , law and justice on bet , clinton is doing events with prince william and catherine in new york . the point is that while other political leaders who hope to lead this country can take the time out to seriously address the longest running protests in american history since the montgomery bus boycott , hillary clinton sandwiches her comments in at the tail end of paid speaking engagements and keeps it moving . that seems a little tone deaf . and this is not the first time clinton has shown this penchant for avoiding thorny cultural and racial issues on the not quite yet campaign trail . she assiduously avoided addressing race in a town hall interview earlier this year on cnn . and one has to wonder if she would have said anything about the george zimmerman verdict in the killing of trayvon martin if she had not been giving a speech at the convention of delta sigma theta a black sorority the night the verdict came in she certainly has not said much about it since . if clinton thinks she is being smart by avoiding thorny race issues on the campaign trail , she is making a huge mistake . maybe team clinton thinks that whatever support she may lose in the african american vote will be made up for by high turnout among white women . the problem with that logic is that these protests from new york to chicago to detroit , to cleveland , to san diego , los angeles and even st louis are incredibly diverse . take a look at the crowds in times square after the garner verdict and you could see white , latino , asian , african american , old , young and other demonstrators all carrying signs that read black lives matter . a new nbc news marist poll shows that 47 of americans believe that the justice system applies different standards to blacks and whites . in other words , the people out there marching right now are the democratic base , with a few independents and libertarians thrown in there for good measure . this is the coalition that clinton needs to win the presidency , and on the most important issue in decades she is not only not ready to lead , she does not seem to have much to say , and when she does speak on these issues it is always as an afterthought to some larger message . america is being wracked by nationwide protests and thousands of americans of all colors are questioning the fundamental fairness of the american justice system . boycotts are happening , malls are being shut down and transportation all across america is being affected by protests during the biggest shopping season of the year , because many americans are unhappy with our justice system . no one expects clinton to be out in times square marching with the icantbreathe hashtag plastered across her cheek . but if she decides she wants to be serious about being elected president of the united states , she needs to do more and say more than a few throwaway comments in the midst of her busy speaking and fund raising schedule . the foot soldiers for clinton 's political future are out marching in the cold , marching toward the change they want to see in america . clinton might want to catch up to them , because if she does not , i am sure rand paul , elizabeth warren or andrew cuomo would be happy to do so join us on facebook.com cnnopinion .:==:jason johnson : hillary clinton 's supporters are protesting ferguson , garner verdicts . he says clinton 's comments on the issues of police and race have been late , minimal . others , including rand paul and elizabeth warren , have been more forceful .

the las vegas stripper involved in a deadly car crash this past march , plead not guilty in court monday . 26 year old shauna miller was charged with driving under the influence causing death . a clark county district court judge set her trial for december 9 . miller killed a man the morning of march 23 when she ploughed into his car in las vegas as his two year old son sat in the back seat . not guilty : 26 year old las vegas stripper shauna miller , plead not guilty to driving under the influence causing death the crash resulted in the death of 33 year old james white . fortunately his son survived the collision uninjured . fatal crash : miller crashed into another vehicle on march 23 , killing the driver , 33 year old james white , instantly . his son was in the car and survived miller told police that she had been driving her hummer h2 when she entered an intersection and hit white 's car as he turned right , according to her arrest report . white died instantly . a witness testified about the incident earlier this month at one of miller 's hearings . “as i was merging into that one single lane going around the accident , and seeing how crushed that drivers side of the ford escort , he was gone , ” said witness rictor riolo . officers noted in the report that her eyes appeared glassy as they questioned her at the scene of the crash . she told police she had drunk two beers that morning while working at spearmint rhino strip club , fox 5 news reports . she also said she had taken a xanax pill at 8 pm the night before . miller failed two stages of a sobriety test and was subsequently booked for driving under the influence , according to the police report . samples of her blood were later taken at the clark county detention center . witness : a witness of the incident said the impact was so powerful , it was obvious that the driver had not survived outlook : if convicted , miller faces up to 20 years in jail and a $5,000 fine prosecutors are arguing that miller had twice the legal limit of alcohol in her system , and five times the legal amount of marijuana when she left her job that morning . miller told officers that she had tried to brake but was unable to avoid a collision with white 's car , the las vegas sun reports . investigators have not determined which vehicle ran a stoplight before the collision , according to the sun . miller , who had a temporary nevada driver 's license , told officers she had worked at the strip club from 2 am until 5.30 am if found guilty , miller could spent up to 20 years in prison and a $5,000 fine . she remains at the clark county detention center on $200,000 bail .:==:shauna miller , 26 , pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence causing death . miller crashed into another vehicle in late march killing james white , 33 . white 's son was in the car , and survived uninjured . she said she had two beers while working at a strip club that morning .